Spin-off media is always weird, but what's weirder to me is that the Final Fantasy VII universe alone will soon have over one half as many games as the entire mainline Final Fantasy series itself.
And yes, every Final Fantasy VII Remake release will count as a different release, so tying or beating 15 is totally doable! Count the two movies and it's even closer!
Just how many Final Fantasy VII games are there? Join your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki for this information and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again with our program. It is episode number 858 for this, the last day of February, the 28th of 2021. Sorry you'll have to wait for a leap year for a 29 day February.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined as always by my co-hosts. For the last just about coming up on one year, we've been taping over Discord like many folks have been doing.
Whether it be in their personal lives, professional lives, you've been doing some type of virtual recording and virtual meetings and virtual spaces, I'm sure. And we are no different, so say hello virtually to DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
It's been a week, but I'm doing okay today. I had what I like to call a day of nothing.
I love days of nothing.
It's an empty day.
Yeah, an empty day. It's very good. Rest and relaxation days are the best. I took a random day off work this week because Tuesday would have been my mom's 80th birthday.
And I just know my brain would have been in a weird space had I tried to work. So I took a nothing day. And it was glorious. It really was.
My grandmother's yard side is coming up. So my maternal grandmother, the one who pretty much raised me. So I feel you there.
Yeah. It's good to take. You can take a time to remember, but also take time for yourself. Anyway, well, let me let me awkwardly switch topics here because something I wanted to ask you about as well at the top of the show here was about the news that came out this week about Fry's Electronics finally went under.
And I know that sounds really horrible when I'm like finally went under, but I don't know about you, Jamie, but I went to one like I think it was November of 2019.
It was a few months before all this pandemic stuff. And I walked in there going, oh, this is bad. Like this store is like half empty. This is real bad. This is not going to end well.
I'm actually shocked they held out this long. But what are your thoughts? Because I know you enjoyed the occasional trip to Fry's back in the day, too.
Okay, I think Jamie's computer might have frozen and sometimes this happens to us. I know she's been getting very frustrated with her system because sometimes it lags.
So I'm just going to skip ahead. Sometimes these tech issues happen. I know she'll join us back when she can. Let me go over to tech master Loki. Hi, Loki.
Hey.
Hey, and what are your thoughts on the whole Fry's thing since I didn't really get to ask Jamie, how are you doing with all that?
I'm kind of with you on that. Like it looked like they were already out of business like two years ago. So I'm not surprised. I'm kind of disappointed. I did like going around in Fry's and actually before that incredible universe when that was around.
I'm hoping I'm hoping that Micro Center moves in, but it's probably going to be more of like, you know, one of those Halloween stores instead.
Those buildings are so elaborate. Well, it depends. It depends on which one you go to. Right. Like, you know, and I also know this chain is a little more heavy on the West Coast.
Like I know Bobby was talking about one in the Atlanta area and I know there was one in Vegas and there's there's the occasional fries that are kind of scattered throughout the country.
But I think mainly it was a West Coast thing specifically like Silicon Valley. And I think that's why you're hearing a lot about it this week, because those stores, especially in like, you know, the San Jose area and all that stuff were quite legendary.
I think so. It's it is a loss for those of us in California, I think. But anyway, a lot of those stores had those very elaborate themes.
Not so much the one that used to be incredible universe here locally, but the one out in Roseville that they built.
What like ten years ago, it's not that old, is very elaborate with the train crashing through the building and all that stuff.
It's yeah, very nice. UFO one's kind of similar to that. Yeah.
The one I mean, like because I was going to Fry's back when I was a kid and back when that was the one in San Jose or maybe actually Milpitas, I think.
And back then it was just a warehouse. It was just a where just a bare warehouse with computer stuff.
Yeah. And that was great.
But then I know that one later became a thing like that, like Aztec theme or something like that.
But yeah, I mean, I enjoyed, you know, even incredible universe and stuff when it was here.
It's just so big in Fry's was awesome because, you know, I was super excited to have that come here.
One, I was used to going to the one in the Bay Area and just like kind of went downhill from there.
I mean, I get it like online and everything, you know, it's, you know, definitely competing.
But then again, you have like, you know, Micro Center that's doing just fine.
So it's like I from what I gather, like I even posted this a little bit on Twitter from the distribution site because they did carry games.
We always used to have vendors come out to our company and stuff and we'd have like mixers and stuff like that.
And you would hear them talking about Fry's and how they were a real pain to work with.
Just always trying to cut the costs like as low as possible and trying to like do all sorts of crazy consignment deals and stuff like that just sounded like a pain to work with.
And based on like they were having some issues with vendors and supply chain and stuff like that.
So I'm wondering if that sort of contributed towards all this.
But yeah, they've been hurting for a long time.
I'm going to chat for some comments. Tiger Claw on chat says, I know it can be disheartening when a store you had fond memories are going to close down.
And then the place it used to be becomes a different store, sometimes a local discount store or something.
Oh, yeah. The space that becomes the Halloween store or the space that becomes another Goodwill or 99 cent.
Those type of deal places are everywhere. You know, it's it is a little bit disheartening.
Sometimes, though, you get an upgrade once in a while, like especially like restaurant spaces.
You might actually get an upgrade. For example, over by the mall, Hooters closed down.
Right. And what took its place? Sizzler. I say upgrade.
Some some may argue with me, but I say upgrade.
Yeah, we had a barbecue place go in in the Hooters in Rancho here.
Oh, yeah. I don't know how good that barbecue place is, but I'm sure it's a step up from whatever with the Hooters was.
And sadly, I think the Sizzler's actually closed during this whole pandemic, too, because they've been having issues.
I think it's going to be a crab house to have a salad.
It's kind of hard to have like a buffet and salad bar during the pandemic. A little bit.
Yeah, I really do hope like a micro center or something comes in because I do like shopping at those places.
I get it. I could just order through like Amazon or Newegg or something like that.
And that does work sometimes. But sometimes you just want to be able to get it right away.
Like you ordered everything through Newegg and all that and it gets shipped to you and you're building it.
You're like, oh, dang, you know, I need a cord or I need a specialty cable or something.
And that was my quote. So I'm looking at chat because, again, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geese Network,
Twitch.TV slash VOG Network. That's VOG Network at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we do have a live chat where you can participate along with the show.
And we like to read some of your thoughts on air. And sometimes you guys end up steering the direction of the show.
So Pod Culture says, I miss old school RadioShacks and Tiger Claw says, yeah, we used to have a RadioShack here.
The place it used to be became a Boost Mobile store. I thought there was a thing with like Sprint and RadioShack.
But anyway, that's not actually what I want to get into. It's about the components.
Where are you going to go now when you need that type of, you know, drilling it down to those components?
Because RadioShack was a place to get.
That's where I used to go because I rather exactly rise than RadioShack because I had more of a selection and it wasn't a big old mess.
Bingo. And on top of that, like they also had all the Raspberry Pi stuff so you can get like, you know, Raspberry Pis and all the enclosures and everything for that.
So it was really nice. Plus they had like, you know, all sorts of things there. I used to get like all sorts of PC things that built PCs from there.
So where are you going to randomly find that shit now? Like you have to do it online? What if I don't want to wait for online?
I feel like there's a space. Best Pie doesn't really sell stuff that granular though, you know what I mean?
Like if I want to build my own computer, I'm going to have to do that online.
Now granted, Fry's has been kind of a crappy place to do that for a while, you know, as they've been slowly dying.
But anyway, I do want to also say this is something to point out. Fry's is also a grocery store.
I've seen that when I was visiting friends in Tucson, I saw Fry's grocery stores everywhere.
I believe they have roots in the same owners, but they are not the same thing otherwise. They're like two different companies.
I also ironically in the Bay Area when I used to live down there, I would shop at a Fry's grocery store.
Okay.
Which I think before that was an Alpha Beta too. That was, that's super old. But yeah, we used to have Fry's grocery stores as well.
And I want to say that the logos are almost pretty similar.
They're very similar. Yeah.
So yeah, I don't know if it's related, but it's a completely different story.
I think the owners are, I think like there, it's something tight. If somebody will have to read, cram the Wiki article really fast.
But there's a reason, you know how like the front of Fry's Electronics sells a lot of like nerd food type of thing?
Like, like they, like if you, you know how they had it set up where you were kind of like trapped in the line, the line waiting to get to the,
and they would have all that just crap food in the aisle and all the last minute buys, like all these candies, you know, import things like Ramune drinks and the other things that there's always,
I think that is actually tied to the grocery thing somehow. Like it's a similar distributor. So I think their roots are in similar places.
So it's just, it's, it's, but it's, they became two different companies or something.
Yeah. So I'm trying to see. And so, yeah.
Isn't this what you wanted to listen to our video game podcast about tonight? Well, unfortunately, Dark Soccer is having computer problems.
So I guess, I guess we're buying her a little time here, but we will move on here in a moment.
Loki's trying to cram the Wiki article.
Yeah. I'm trying to look here, see if it's related. I see that, you know, it's not owned by the same company.
So I think it was owned by Fred Meyer at one time. I think it's merged with like Kroger or something like that.
I don't think it's, yeah, necessarily.
I thought they had their roots in the same place.
The logo is exactly the same. So like, I can't imagine that it's, it's different.
All right. Well, forget it. Let's, let's move into other stuff. Actually, before we get into the official first topic I had for tonight,
a lot of folks in our chat are wondering about what is playing behind you tonight.
I recognize it, but do you want to explain? And again, we do have our podcast listeners.
They don't see anything, although of course we love you guys, you know, but, uh, tell us a little bit about this, this visual that's behind you tonight.
Uh, this is a classic DOS game, uh, Scorched Earth.
So it's a, it's a tank combat game where you have to put in your angle and velocity as well as select weapons to destroy other AI controlled or player controlled tanks.
So like super old. Um, but that's an excellent game.
Okay. Yes. One of my favorites. Like worms, but before worms before that.
Yeah. I think we did it as a classic game. Not that long ago. It was during this whole pandemic era.
So yeah, we talked a lot about it, but I couldn't tell you the episode number, but we have that lovely Wiki that our fans take care of.
I've, I don't think I've ever made an edit on that Wiki that I know of maybe like a small thing, but our fans take care of that Wiki.
And, uh, you can go figure out what episode number Scorched Earth was on. Cause I know we did it.
Or did we do Tank Wars? The other one, one of the two, maybe both. I don't know.
Oh, well forget it. I think we, I think we had to be Scorched Earth. All right. Who cares? We got to move on.
Let's talk about our first topic tonight. Uh, I wanted to talk about, okay. So sorry to go back to Fry's Electronics.
It was owned by the same guy, Charlie Charles Fry. He sold the supermarket chain, uh, to Dylan's back in 1972.
It was split for a long time. Okay. So yeah. Okay. All right. I'm glad we have that settled.
That's why I thought I'd like, like they, they, they were on the same path and then they like diverted, I thought was the thing.
And one became the electronics and the other became the grocery. Okay. Now that we have that settled, can we talk about something that's a little younger, um, than, uh, the roots of Fry's Electronics?
But, um, it's still something that's hit a milestone, uh, this week, namely yesterday, the Pokemon series turned 25 years old as they celebrated the release of Pokemon Red and Pokemon Green, um, in Japan, which of course was changed for us to Pokemon Red and Pokemon Blue for reasons and things.
Um, so the whole series has turned 25 and obviously the Pokemon folks did some celebration stuff over the weekend, namely that big concert they were hyping, that digital Post Malone concert where Post Malone covered Hootie and the Blowfish as the Pokemon song.
Which it wasn't bad, but it's definitely one of those like things I didn't guess 2021 had in store for 500 Alex. Like I didn't like, it's just one of those, like, like I think I saw a tweet even that said Post Malone covers Hootie and the Blowfish for Pokemon 25th anniversary.
And the response said this tweet only got more and more wild the more I read it, like the more it goes on, seriously. But anyway, they were doing that, you know, celebration thing, uh, for that. And, um, then of course there was a big direct that happened where they had some pretty big announcements.
Before we talk about the direct, I want to talk about, you know, last week we talked a little bit about Zelda as a franchise turning 35 and kind of what that series has meant for us.
So I'm curious if you have any Pokemon memories. I'm bummed Jamie's not back with us yet, so I can't ask her, but Loki, do you have any Pokemon franchise memories or series memories you'd like to kind of get into and share?
Not really, cause I didn't really get into Pokemon until much later. I mean, and even then it's kind of been, you know, lukewarm, I guess. Um, really, I mean, Pokemon Go, I think is probably the most notable thing.
Uh, really the only like Pokemon game I've played is just Pokemon Let's Go. Um, yeah, I mean, it really wasn't too involved in Pokemon.
Um, I will say that when Pokemon first came out, I was in college and I was, well first came out in the States cause you know, it was a couple of years behind in the States.
Um, but I really got into the anime. My friends and I would watch the, the stinking anime. I had like DVDs. I think I still have some over here of like some of the early episodes of Pokemon.
And we used to watch like the whole like first season anime, but we never, I never super got into the games because I was not a huge Game Boy person.
And so I, I feel like I bought Pokemon yellow. I remember I bought a Game Boy color that was like when you turned it on, it was Pikachu's cheek that turned red. Like that whole thing. It was like a Pikachu Game Boy color or something.
I had that and I remembered playing a little bit of Pokemon on that, but I always had a hard time with the grind of the series. Um, I feel like I almost, I probably bought one of them from like every generation.
But in classic Rob style, I never got very far in them until this most recent one, Sword and Shield, I finally beat. Uh, and it's like the first mainline. It's actually my favorite mainline game. I know as controversial as that one's been, it's the one that really hooked me in.
I thought there was just a lot of quality of life improvements that really made it a lot of fun to play. Um, and now it's making me a little bit excited about, you know, getting to revisit some of these older games, uh, through remakes and you know, whatever else.
I know there was that rumor about a Switch, um, kind of like the first couple generations coming out in some type of, it appears that's not happening now because we didn't, we would have heard about that in the Pokemon Direct, but that would have been very exciting.
Uh, like you, Pokemon Go has been huge. I kind of couldn't believe it when I first heard about it, having been playing Ingress for a year or two before they announced that. And then, uh, but Pokemon Go is a heck of a lot of fun and a good way to introduce people to the franchise as well. For sure.
I'm surprised we didn't have another Let's Go game. Like I get, you know, the diamond and, um, with the diamond pearl that they have coming out, um, sort of kind of resemble that art style, but it's not quite actually, oddly enough, it actually looks worse.
I kind of prefer the art style of Let's Go. Um, uh, I don't know why they just didn't do that. Like just put it in that art style. Like it looks really weird.
All right. Well, let's, let's talk about what they announced at the Direct then, since we're kind of leading into that. So the, go ahead.
Brilliant diamond. And, uh, we had, so we have a brilliant diamond and shining Pearl. There are going to be remakes of diamond and Pearl obviously, and they are being ported to the Switch.
Um, actually, now that I look at our cell, it doesn't look that bad. There's another one that's looked at maybe is the overworld art. That's not so great. Um, but yeah, it's supposed to be a remake and they have like a Chidi, a Chibi three art style for the top down part of the world.
That's the problem. That's, that's the thing that I didn't necessarily care for.
Yeah, the game looks okay. I see Shane is in chat and obviously he's been talking to me a lot about this and I know he's not really into the art style either. He's very, I'm upset with it.
Shane, if you want to state your perspective, join discord and I'll bring you into the private channel if you have a way to talk to us. Um, and, uh, but I, I didn't, I didn't hate the look of it.
Like I kind of get what they're trying to do. Like they're trying to do a 3d style of what the older game look like. And you know, I get for some people it's kind of a misfire because I think they were really expecting and they'd set that bar for generation four to be done within the sword and shield engine.
And this does appear to be a bit of a downgrade on that, but I don't, I don't hate it. Um, I'm more excited about the fact that like it should, it better tie into like Pokemon home and it'll be a good way to play into all of that as well.
Okay. I see Shane did join the channel and wants to have his say so. Hi Shane, how are you?
I'm fine. This just gets me out of doing more homework.
It's fine. So I'm sure. Okay. So dark soccer is having computer problems tonight, so I'm happy to have you fill in for a little bit. Tell us what is the problem you're having as a, and if you guys don't know Shane, he's been around the network and OLR for a very long time and is definitely our hardcore Pokemon fan of the bunch.
Uh, just, just for anybody who's new to OLR, let us reemphasize what a hardcore fan you are. Shane, how many copies of Pokemon's eighth generation do you own?
Um, hold on, I got to count digital. Probably eight.
Eight. And why do you need eight copies, which would be like four swords and four shields. Why do you need eight copies?
Because I do. I have a whole bunch of switches. They all have to be played at the same time. And if I don't have multiple copies, how can I play them all at the same time?
All right. That dude in Japan playing Pokemon go with the giant like array. Yeah, basically. Yeah.
That's the other thing about Shane that cracks me up is he has this love hate relationship with Pokemon go where he's like, like when the game first came out, you were like super into it. And then you got so much more fun.
You got really mad when they changed the radar and you quit and you're like, it's a garbage game. And then of course, after like three months, you came back and you do this whole like love hate thing where you like, you're like, Pokemon go is garbage. I'm never playing it again. Then three months, they do something and you're like, okay, I'm playing again.
So it's like, Oh, there's a shiny I can get that I like, okay, I gotta start playing it. Oh, sure. What's in the game? Oh, my gosh, I gotta play well. And now to be fair, because of Pokemon home like Pokemon go has a very legit purpose here.
For example, like the shiny mew, even though that quest is a royal pain in the ass and Pokemon go, like as I understand it, Shane, correct me if I'm wrong, I know you will. But shiny mew is not obtainable in the main game unless you hack or something.
It's not obtainable legitimately in the mainline games right now. But there is a purpose to get this and Pokemon go and bring it into the mainline games. You will have a legitimate shiny mew for your mainly except I don't think you can send.
Mythic Pokemon to the bay or no, I guess you can because I think there. Okay, nevermind. Yeah, yeah. And I that was the only way I could get a shiny Genesect was by playing go. So I did that. And so now my sword and shield has shiny Genesect just kind of hovering about behind me. Okay.
He's awesome. All right. So what's your take on this Gen four announcement? And why are you a little more sour on it? Okay, so first of all, sorry, I don't like Gen four Gen four was not great. Heart gold, soul silver, fine. Platinum was pretty good. Diamond and Pearl suck. So, um, and it's not because of the Pokemon, it's just the game is not fun.
Mm hmm. And so, like, I was kind of going into half excited for these anyway. But every time they've done a remake, it's been kind of the same art style as the current generation. So when you had fire and leaf green, it looked very similar to Ruby Sapphire, when you had heart gold, soul silver looked like Diamond Pearl, and, you know, Omega Ruby off Sapphire had that look of X and Y still.
But this time, like, I don't know, they're trying. It's not game freak that's making it. It's a different company. It's the people that actually make Pokemon home. And they just went with like, a weird chibi 3d version of the game. They didn't try to make really, it doesn't look to me at least like they made any attempt to upgrade it,
or God, I would like, look, he was saying, I take a Let's Go game at this point. And that was like, my worst fear was it was going to be a Let's Go game.
Yeah, you were not having it. You were not happy to hear it might be like a Let's Go type of thing.
Yeah, and it we're in a weird situation where I wish that's what happened. I honestly, if they could change the overworld character models, I would be a little bit better. But this looks like a bad cell phone game rip off. That's what it looks like to me. It's just the colors are weird, everything. There's no life to it. It's just very much.
Trash. Okay. And just a real quick note for those that are live with us. Sorry for the awkward shot on the Twitch, but I was not prepared to have an extra host tonight. Joining us for a little bit but I also see the dark soccer is back. Hooray.
So, okay, we're just talking about Pokemon I'm getting obviously I had to go to the expert to talk about Pokemon. Okay, so I know you're a little more excited about this other announcement though so let me let Loki talk about it first as usually does.
Yeah, so they have this other game called Pokemon legends are Arceus.
Okay.
Arceus. Yeah, I don't know how you pronounce it. It depends on what like region you're in it's Arceus here Arceus in Japan. Okay, well we'll say Arceus then.
And it's basically kind of the Sinnoh region, but, you know, a long long time ago. So it's like the first generation, I don't know if it's the first generation of Pokemon trainers or whatever but it takes place a long time in the past, and the game is set up like very
open world, almost resembles Breath of the Wild a bit which has been concerned considering the last game kind of chugged in the open world areas but I'm hopeful that it's better.
But the gameplay does look a little bit different as well they had some gameplay in the trailer, showing that you just throw a pokeball to catch one of the actual Pokemon in the game.
It looks cool but I don't know, be interested and see what you guys think. I'm, I'm interested I want to know a little bit more about the gameplay like how it actually plays, but I kind of like the fact that they, it seems like you know because there were rumors
about like, oh the Gen 4 remake is going to be Let's Go style, and it seems like it kind of was like really off, but in a really good way like this really feels like an evolution of the Let's Go format into an evolved Generation 4 that's got this.
I don't know, it's Sinnoh but it's like, it's actually got Pokemon from other gen because you have the mixed starters and all this stuff so I'm, I'm into this how different it is, but to me, I feel like it's still a spin off, but I guess that's not the case right
Shane you were saying, they are treating this like a main series game right. Correct. It's categorized as a main series game. So, even though it has, according to the product details, no multiplayer at all, like so no connectivity to other people no trading.
It's just a straight up action RPG is what it's also classified as so that's interesting. But it is super exciting, and I am so happy for it, and this is completely 100% biased because Oshawa is one of the starters you're absolutely.
Yes. Oh my god yeah that that made me so happy because it means we're gonna get more Oshawa merchandise, which okay he's gonna have. I asked you this question of the night I'm going to ask you on air and don't don't give me the line about it doesn't make sense for the lore
just go with the question, what if that water starter had been like squirtle instead of know that I should why don't give me the lore answer, just what I'm a lower answer actually matters.
But it doesn't also because there are no, it does matter because it could have also been Froakie and that would have been fine. I swirled Oh, no, I don't care, I don't care I'm still gonna respond the proper way.
So there are only so many starters that could have been based on what we assume is because of what their final evolutions are based off of. So, water could have been Sam or could have been Oshawa or Froakie and either one would have been fine.
But the fact that it's Oshawa makes the game 70 million times better than it could have been.
Alright fine, but let's talk about the gameplay a little bit so are you are you excited about the actual gameplay of it all or what is that about like the whole like format change there that kind of excites you.
It's just something different. That's, that's really all that, like, makes me excited for the main game itself, I want to go around and just throw Pokeballs at dumb Pokemon and catch them I think that's cool.
Do you do you get like maybe it might be like a Diablo kind of Pokemon because it's kind of like that action RPG kind of thing like that's that's the part that's interesting to me. I hope it's a loot shooter.
Well, so there are leaks that came out apparently right before this got announced. There's a lot of different things about that that kind of can point you in one direction of how this game is going to go, how often are these leaks actually legit though.
No, but this, this hat. No, this is a legit leak because it got actual screens from the trailer, and it had.
I mean, it had the entire concept with in game screenshots. I'm guessing hours I don't know I did not want to look at any leaks before the announcement so I don't know what the period was I just know it was that morning before the actual announcements.
All right.
Yeah, yeah and see access says this one is legit. And also really quick.
Phoenix 7726 asked me if it was mudkip Would I be okay and.
Yeah, I think that'd be like the lower tier of being okay, but I would have been okay, because then I could just go to rally, I would just would have picked rally instead.
All right, and I do I do want to acknowledge. Usually I wait until the show is over to read this type of stuff live on air but I do want to acknowledge the hype train in chat that's going on right now and thank you very much for that you guys are really awesome
you don't have to give us any money but you do with your bits and your subs and that means an awful lot so I just want to say thanks, and congrats Yeah, you started that didn't you dark saga.
Well yeah just because Shane's in on the show hi Shane.
All right, I look like a cat but he's standing in for Mr smoosh tonight is Shane. All right. Um, anyway, what else, what else do we need to ask Shane about Pokemon before we let it go.
We need to also say really quick that since it takes place in the past. There are possibilities that we could get like different forms of Pokemon that we haven't seen, or just new ones that have gone extinct by now from when we played in the center region.
So there's a lot that they could do with this, which just makes it more exciting I think. All right. All right. Any any last things on the Pokemon game shame before I let you go so we can get back to our show.
No. All right. Oh, no. Yes. So also according to the leaks, if you don't have a Pokemon with you, wild Pokemon can attack you and beat you up. So, cool. Yeah, yeah, there's a screenshot of that too. So that's pretty neat.
Now I wish it was multiplayer so I could have I could breed attack Pokemon. That'd be cool. What if it was like Xenoblade Chronicles x, and then like you get into big mecha Pokemon and you fly around and stuff that'd be really fun.
That would be awesome. I'd love that. All right, I'm gonna let you go. Shane, have a good day. Thanks for joining us spontaneously. I appreciate it. Yeah, no problem. Bye. Take care. Bye.
All right, let's go back to the shot that we're actually supposed to use for the show. There we go. All right, I had to improvise there. Hi, dark soccer. Welcome back. Sorry to hear about the computer issues.
I hate this piece of shit.
Oh, and I hate to say it, but you sound like a robot now. And I don't know if that's your computer, or what's going on into it.
I don't know about that.
Hold on.
Yeah, leave discord and come back. Maybe that'll do the trick. All right. Meanwhile, terminate first.
All right, she's not she's not gonna do that just because you want. All right. While dark soccer reboots discord. Any last things on the Pokemon announcements we need to get to?
No. Oh yeah, you sound better. Yay. Much better. Thanks, Jamie. I didn't get to say exterminate. Sorry. All right. That's all right. Any last things on Pokemon? I am not a Dalek.
Any, any last things on Pokemon, Loki? I was gonna say the the new footage of the Pokemon snap was pretty awesome too. Oh yeah, I'm getting that game. Easy, easy. I forgot to ask Shane about that. I think Shane told me he like hasn't played Pokemon snap or something.
Yeah, it looks great. I don't remember the first game too much. I mean, I know we played it a bit. But like, I don't remember if there was like any underwater stuff like that. But I like how they're taking you kind of to the different, you know, biomes or whatever to kind of catch both months. So that's kind of cool. Yeah.
Dark soccer before we shift into our gaming weeks, unfortunately, with your computer issues, you missed our little bit on the Pokemon talk. But I'm curious if you have any thoughts either on a the new announcements this week or be Pokemon as a franchise since it's turned 25. If it's something that's meant anything to you.
I had my moment with Pokemon and then I took something for it.
Um, you know, I was always more into Digimon, right?
I know. I know. But can't can't we love both?
We can love both. But I just, I, I don't want I'm, I'm gonna say this and I'm not saying it is an insult or anything. I always found Pokemon to be a lot more juvenile.
Okay.
That really is the market is targeted for right?
Yeah, and that doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing.
Yeah, it's not intended as an insult or anything like that.
Yeah.
But, um, but I'm gonna go back and say Pokemon snap, I'm all over that because that was my jam. I like the stuff that's more like that, you know, I think that it was the grindy bits of the Pokemon games that are something that I just never quite cared for, you know, if I want to grind, I'll play an MMO.
And it also it also brings up a good point that like, even if you aren't into the mainline games, like Pokemon has so many spin off games, that there's literally something in it for everybody.
Like, you know, maybe you're more into the the Pokemon go is a huge thing for I know a lot of people that play go and like nothing else.
I know people that you know, enjoy snap like you do. I think this legends game is going to bring new people into the franchise, especially on consoles and things that maybe weren't into it before.
So that is very true. Pokemon is very diverse in the games. Like, yeah, you have the mainline, but you got a lot of spin off stuff, too.
Yeah. Well, and I like I think some of the more spin off type stuff better. You know, I like Pokemon go for a hot minute. And then I got bored, you know, because it was really just no matter what they added the game, it's always the same thing.
Yeah, it's just always the same thing.
So there just really hasn't been much in the way of innovation in the series to keep me interested.
Okay. You know, that's just kind of I mean, but I'm glad people love it. And I think that everything is cute. And I, you know, I, I still want, you know, my, my, my Fire Rabbit Bunny plushie, you know, and I still have my Magikarp plushie.
I actually do still play Magikarp jump from time to time.
Okay, there you go. Another spin off game.
Yeah, because that game is fucking funny.
It is. It's fun. All right.
And I love the Magikarp song.
So there's something in it for everybody. That's the song that Post Malone should have covered. Maybe they'll give the Magikarp song to Katy Perry. We'll see.
All right. Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week, whether it was Pokemon or something else.
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
Speaking of more of the same, I've been playing Animal Crossing.
I finally, and it's been one of those weeks where all I want to do is just play the same stuff I play anyway, although we did get a little bit more of Cyber Shadow in. Cyber Shadow is fucking awesome.
And Ghost and Goblins for that Capcom collection, although it doesn't look like anything else is out with that collection yet, because I tried to go by Strider and it says you can buy Ghost and Goblins and I'm like, fuck, I want to play Strider.
You can get them all. It's set up bad. You for whatever reason, when you go within the game, you don't see it. If you go into the eShop from the main menu and go in that way, you can find you can find everything.
I got thrown by that, too. Yeah, you can do it on Nintendo's website, too. Actually, that might have been how I ended up doing it.
But I know that Dan is going to be getting the new one soon. We just have had other things to do.
Sure. But I actually am redoing part of Sakurina's house, my alt, and I have made a kitchen where the laundromat was. Yes, I had a laundromat in one of my alt's house.
And I'm going to be redoing the front room into a sushi restaurant. Cute. I love that. All right, let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week, Loki?
It was all right. So I played a little bit of Skyrim on the Switch because I was helping my son get the Nintendo Switch exclusive armor and weapons because they had the link stuff, but it was at the top of the throat of the world.
So I had to show him the power of the Skyrim horse and its ability to climb up vertical walls. And so we were able to bypass parts of the game that they wanted us to complete before we got all that.
So we were able to do that at level like five. So that was fun. And I showed him also the glitches in the game, like some of the exploits to get to the vendor chest to be able to steal stuff out of there and all that.
Then I also played a bit of Minecraft, been working on the amusement park in our realm. So start off with I'm migrating over the villagers I have kind of trapped in a house to move them over to these giant versions of like a crafting table and blast furnace in smoker.
They're going to be inside these giant buildings that resemble that stuff. So I've been building the buildings for that and terraforming and stuff like that. So I did that and actually worked on my game quite a bit.
So I had to rewrite the input engine to allow for multiple characters without dragging the game to a crawl because the way that nest makers set up, if you want to have multiple characters that you set up to actually play as you have to assign them inputs.
And the longer that input list gets, the more slower or the longer it takes each frame to process that. And then eventually it slows down to the point where it's unplayable.
So I fix that so it doesn't it doesn't do it. So now now once the special edition comes out, you know, name pending, there will be female playable characters if you want.
So that'll be something that's in there as well. Right now, I'm just trying to also try to figure out how to cram more music in there and not having a lot of luck because of the way they have that set up. So it can be done. I just don't know how to split it up yet.
All right. All right. Even though you finally released a game, which if you haven't checked it out yet, Pixel Poops number two on Steam or itch.io, check it out.
And but you're not done. The work is not done because now we got to work on this for the physical release.
So I was, you know, planning on adding some more content for the physical release and then doing a free upgrade for everybody to purchase it.
All right, my gaming week. So I'm still yet again having a very Final Fantasy heavy week, still playing Final Fantasy 14, as I always do. Finally got my Dragoon to level 80.
So I think I only have like five jobs left to get to level 80 and then literally everything crafting, gathering, magic, melee, tank, all of it will be 80.
So but I still have a few more jobs to do with that. I've also been playing more Final Fantasy 12. I am a lot further in the game than I was last time I played through it.
I think I have about 24 hours in on that now. And I don't know how to describe where I'm at.
I old Arceus, Arcadius, whatever that town is that those that have played the game.
I'm trying to be spoiler free, but you kind of navigate your way to the capital and you have to take a really long route to get there.
And I finally got through that route and had to kill another boss that did a pretty good job of messing up my party by casting doom a lot.
But I was able to make it work and kill that boss and got to old Arcadius, I think is the name of the town.
So yeah, for those that have played through the game, that's about where I'm at.
So I don't know if that's I think I've got to be at least past the halfway point, but I do also feel like I've got a long way to go still.
So we'll see. And then I also played because I was like, what other Game Pass games should I check out?
I played Overcooked 2 this week, which I've played. It's cute. I've played it as a multiplayer game before.
I know when like JD and I were hanging out, like he really likes that game.
And like I've done like a four player game of like over maybe that was the first Overcooked.
I don't know. We've played several of those games, but I never had played the single player version before where you have to use the left bumper to actually control two characters kind of.
And that's so like while one is chopping up like, you know, cucumber or something, you have to have another go boil the rice.
It's kind of it's kind of interesting and very hectic and micromanaging, but that's a fun game.
That's a cute little like short time waster. And I'm glad that also exists on Xbox as well as something that I can drop hours in at in at a time like Final Fantasy 12.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I realized how much data I had left for February and downloaded all the Final Fantasy games that are on Game Pass, even though I bought Zodiac Age for PS4.
So did I. But like, there's something about playing it on Series X where the loading times are like that, where I'm like, dang, this is, you know, really, it's great to play through it again.
And again, I'm even further than I've ever been before. And yeah, today's the last day of the month. I did the same thing.
I was like, okay, I have still like 400 gigs till I get to my cap. What I and I hate that the cable stuff is like this now.
But I was like, what else can I download today? I actually downloaded I never thought I would finally like be willing to play this and get it as I downloaded Dead by Daylight, because and I brought this up a couple weeks ago.
But Alan, my husband now does streaming. So shout out, you should follow him here on Twitch at AlanAlchemy. He's been doing a pretty good job streaming like three times a week that I think he did for the other week.
And he hit affiliate and all that good stuff. And he streams a lot of Dead by Daylight. So I mean, I've watched him play it over his shoulder before.
But now I've actually been able to kind of like watch him kind of like for an extended period, like really play the game. And I'm like, maybe I could get into this except I don't really want to play it as a survivor.
I just want to play the killer. So it'd be fun.
Did he do any of the Silent Hill stuff?
He has, yes, he's gotten that map. He's had Pyramid Head as the killer who has apparently a unique finish fatality type of move. I forget what they call it in that game.
But there's unique ways you can finally finish people off and Pyramid Head has kind of unique ones. So yeah, I finally picked that up thanks to Alan's influence.
I don't know what killer I'll play yet, though. Pyramid Head would be an awful lot of fun. But Alan's trying to tell me, of course, he's like, Oh, you're gonna play? Okay, these are the killers that I think would be easiest and you'd be into so he's he's making other suggestions for me.
So we'll see what happens. Will Alan and I play together? I don't know because I want to be a killer and I don't really want to murder my husband. But I guess, you know, we've all had our days. So I guess virtual is a good way to do it. Take out the aggressions.
I don't think you can really set up you know, because it's all matchmaking. So whatever. Anyway. All right. Um, let's get into some other news from the week. We'll start with Loki.
All right. So we talked a little bit about the whole Pokemon event that they had, but that wasn't the only event that was out there. Also, they had a PlayStation State of Play, which they announced quite a few different things coming out in PlayStation.
So starting off, they showed off a little bit of Crash Bandicoot 4. It's about time that's going to be coming with some PlayStation five upgrades. And so that's going to be launching actually in a couple weeks here on March 12.
They showed some gameplay for Returnal, which is a roguelike third person game. And that's coming out on April 30th. Knockout City, which we kind of saw back in that Nintendo Direct not too long ago.
That's launching on May 21st. Solar Ash looked pretty awesome. It's kind of definitely resembles Hyper Light Drifter because it's by the same creators. That's coming out on PlayStation four and five. Oddworld Soulstorm looks pretty awesome.
That's April six. We saw some more of Kenna Bridges Spirits, and that's out on the 21st. Yet again, more gameplay of Deathloop. Still coming out this year, May 21st.
And then, of course, one of the biggest things that they showed off is Final Fantasy 7 Remake Intergrade, which is going to be the PlayStation five update as well.
And then on top of that, you also get an additional, I guess, section of the game or content featuring Yuffie as well. And so that's pretty exciting.
Plus, if you own the PlayStation four version, you'll be getting Intergrade for free and even have like save data transfer with that as well.
And that's supposed to be coming out, looks like on June 10th. That was a very pleasant surprise.
I mean, I'm not surprised at all. And I know I've said on this show, you fully can expect that they are going to release that Final Fantasy seven remake on PlayStation five.
Bet your money on it. But where I was wrong, and I'm more than happy to be wrong on this, is I thought like the previous international editions, zodiac age, whatever, you know, definitive editions that Square does of games.
I thought they would charge full price for it all over again. And that's where I ended up being wrong, is that apparently you can get the upgrade from the PlayStation four version of the game for free.
Now, there are a lot of footnotes with this. I know later you're going to talk about the PlayStation plus, but I think we should just kind of mention now, obviously, the Final Fantasy seven is going to be part of PlayStation plus, so you can get that for free.
But that will not cross over to a PlayStation five version of the game. So just because you get it.
So only the retail copies of Final Fantasy seven, whether digital or whatever, are going to translate to PlayStation five and that Eufy, which really strikes me more as an episode, like a side story.
It doesn't look like it's integrated into the main game. It looks like its own chapter based thing, maybe one or two chapters, maybe four. Who knows?
It's like the Final Fantasy 15 DLC to me, like it's a whole side episode that happens to have Eufy and they are charging money for that.
But I think they're allowed. Again, I would not have guessed that. I would have thought that they would have like made Red 13, you know, playable in the appropriate parts of the game as it is.
I did not expect them to go full like adding Eufy into the Midgar lore, which remember wasn't a part of the first game. Well, I don't want to eat my words.
She was say that again, Jamie. She was like a bonus character. Her and Vincent were. Yeah, but you didn't get them till after Midgar. They were in the war.
So that's that's my point is that I thought there was a place that you could get her in Midgar, though, but it was extremely rare.
Oh, it was right there by the there was like a playground that, you know, no, no, because you had to go get her on Wutai and answer certain questions to be able to get her.
Yeah. Vincent was in in another town.
But anyway, OK, regardless, I don't think most people would have picked up that you could get her in Midgar.
And obviously she's got a whole new, you know, other character in there. So she's got this new story that didn't really exist in the lore before.
But if you've played Final Fantasy seven remake and I don't want to say too much, but there's there's room for this in the game.
And if you've played the game from start to finish, you kind of know what I'm I'm talking about here.
And it's again, I got to choose my words very carefully. I am going to lift this spoiler ban soon when that game has been out for a year.
I'm going to talk spoilers freely because I have a lot I want to say on this, but I think we still have another couple of months to go.
But fair warning, I am going to open up spoilers on fantasy seven remake in April whenever that game is a year old.
So. All right. Dijeroma S in chat says, the way Square Enix is redoing the Final Fantasy seven lore and storyline, there's going to be some real pissed off Final Fantasy seven fans.
Not if they've played the game. And that's all I can say.
I need to finish it. It is it is explained. That's all I can say. All right.
Anyhow. Oh, I was going to mention, too, they also had a new Five Nights at Freddy's game, at least the footage for it.
So Five Nights at Freddy's Security Breach, which kind of it looks like expands Freddy Fazbear's pizzeria into like Freddy Fazbear's.
Oh, yeah. Golf land. I don't usually get into the Five Nights at Freddy's games because I'm not super big on the way they're set up, but I kind of liked this one, looked a little more like a traditional kind of action horror game.
Yeah, I was kind of into it. So. Yeah, it looks interesting. Yeah. All right.
Well, what do you think of the state of play overall? I heard online a lot of people were saying, man, I thought it was fine.
I wasn't like, oh, my God. But I that returnal, I'd like sort of had an eye on it.
But after seeing the gameplay and hearing more about it, I'm like, OK, I would I kind of want a PlayStation five so I can play that.
Like, I'm I'm convinced I need to get a PlayStation five for that. I want to play the seven remake again, obviously.
And then Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation five. There's a lot of stuff coming in these first few months that I really want to PS5 for.
Unfortunately, I have some conflicting priorities in my personal life financially right now, so I can't really justify it.
And let's be real, they're not exactly still easy to get, unfortunately. But hopefully they get that sorted out in the next few months.
I'm assuming by the end of the year I'm going to have to get one of those because I really want it.
So, yeah, I'm sure eventually I'll have to get that. And also there's another story coming up which also has me interested in stuff for that.
We'll see. Yeah. All right.
So anyway, yeah, I was fine with the state of play, even if it was a lot of follow up on previously announced stuff.
I still kind of feel like that's what left people disappointed about the direct was we didn't get a lot of follow up on previously announced stuff.
So it's I don't know. Anyway, I was fine with it.
So are we just not going to are we not going to even address the fact that they talked about Metroid Prime for like.
How long ago was that? Well, yeah, they've been able to kind of hide behind the they basically started it over a couple of years ago.
So that's kind of why. So but I would say things like Bayonetta three.
And, you know, like what's going on, folks? Is that still happening?
You know, even even like a screenshot would be great anyway. But we'll see.
It'll be ready when it's ready, I guess. And the pandemic hasn't helped.
And everybody having to transition to work at home and all that crap certainly hasn't helped the timelines.
All right. Yeah. But let's talk about some other Final Fantasy seven spinoff games that are going to be happening because,
you know, now's a great time to do remasters while we work at home.
Although I would I would call at least the first one of these a little bit more than a remaster.
Of course, I accidentally closed the show. And now it's very hard for me to get this open again.
But I believe the first game that was in here was.
Ever Crisis, I think was the name, and it's going to be a mobile game and it adapts like pretty much all of the Final Fantasy seven side stories.
And Jason talked about it in the intro tonight. There's a lot of Final Fantasy seven side stories.
It's going to incorporate all of that into one game that allows you to kind of catch up on the story,
which makes me think maybe part two of the remake a little bit more of this is going to be important.
Although, again, I can't say too much.
But knowing a little bit of one of the side stories will help in the final sequences of the seven remake.
That's all I can say. It's weird, though, that the graphics for that Ever Crisis are kind of like a cross between,
like remade and like the old style, like Final Fantasy seven.
You know, the original. Yeah, it's interesting. Yeah.
You know, honestly, like, OK, mobile. All right. I understand mobile can do a lot.
You know, those little devices, whether they're Apple or Android, doesn't matter.
They both can process very powerful little graphics that really rival, you know, what the consoles are doing.
But there's still that part of me that's like, so does this mean we get a switch version? Because that'd be cool.
You know, actually. Yeah. And is that like Ever Crisis that also like encompass the the full Final Fantasy seven game?
Because there's stuff that it looks like it's not just like that first episode stuff.
It looks like beyond that. I believe it encompasses everything.
It's supposed to be kind of a catch up on all the Lord. That would be good.
I think it should go. I mean, that looks like something to be able to run on the switch.
So I don't know now. Now, here's the announcement that's a little bit like I didn't ask for this, but we're getting it.
It's called the first soldier. It says Final Fantasy seven side project.
That is a battle royale game. So Final Fantasy meets battle royale.
And yeah, you even get to use guns in it because it works with the Midgar lore.
But you still also have chocobos, spells, summons and all of that.
Everyone in the battlefield will be a Shinra soldier candidate.
That's how they set it up. There's solo play and team play.
I believe this is also a mobile title, but it does look mobile.
It doesn't necessarily mean it's going to stay there.
Fortnite is a mobile title if you think about it.
But again, that's another one of those things where I'm like, I didn't ask for this, but with Final Fantasy's name on it.
And if it's free, I'll at least probably give it a shot.
We'll see.
It looks neat.
Dark Sakura, Final Fantasy Battle Royale. Did you ask for this?
No.
What do you think, though? Like, is it cool that they keep doing all these side stories or like, stop it?
Give me, give me, um, uh, Dirge of Cerberus instead.
Yeah, I'm down with that. That was a great spinoff.
Um, I know what, you know the Final Fantasy spinoff I want them to go back to?
Theatrhythm. Where is my Switch version of Theatrhythm?
And I'm going to keep pounding my fists on the table.
I don't know if they're getting picked up by the mic, but I'm mad that we haven't had a new Theatrhythm in a very long time.
Do not give me that Kingdom Hearts thing is supposed to be a new Theatrhythm because it sucks.
Sorry, not sorry. It sucks.
I want Theatrhythm like it was in the arcade.
Give it to me.
That's all.
I mean, I would want, um, some Advent Children stuff, but, you know.
I would like the game where you can kill Aerith over and over again.
How about it's Battle Royale, but it's you versus 99 Aeriths?
No, I just don't want to see her that much.
Okay.
Alright, let's move on. DarkSakura, what do you want to see more of?
Um, but I'm kidding.
Animal Crossing stuff, of course.
So, um, they had a trailer that showed that the Sanrio collaboration pack of the amiibo cards are going to be out at Target on March 26th.
But if you paid more attention to it, you can actually invite the characters, I believe on the 15th, if I am.
It's not in this list on here, but it was in the video.
It's like the 13th or 15th for people who might have already imported those cards.
Addicts.
Well, and we knew though, actually they had, there was an announcement that those cards are going to be coming out already.
I think I talked about it like a couple months ago.
So, but the thing is that we didn't know if they were going to be, you know, anything more than just the posters like they currently are.
But you actually will get the characters with them.
You will get some goodies with them, like furniture sets and clothes and things.
So the cards are basically themed to different Sanrio characters.
So you get Rila, who's a gorilla, for Hello Kitty.
You get Chelsea for My Melody.
You get Etoile for Little Twin Stars Kiki Lala.
Those are my favorite ones, by the way.
You get Chai for Pom Pom Pudding, which I have a little Pom Pom Pudding behind me.
You get, uh, sorry, Marty for Pom Pom Pudding, Chai for Cinema Role, and Tobi for Kero Kero Kero Pi.
So, um, it's, uh, you know, it's going to be really awesome.
They get very, I think, generic houses themed to them as well.
Um, I, I think it's, it's pretty cute.
You know, I, I absolutely dig, uh, that we're getting the more of the Sanrio stuff.
So because they said that the stuff would be available earlier if you already had the cards,
and we just had that big update installed, um, you know, basically to get rid of the snow and all that,
um, I actually tested my Sanrio cards today.
Um, and the characters aren't available or, or in the game yet.
So I reckon that's going to be in the form of another update.
Um, so yeah.
I need these cards to sell millions and billions so that they'll do another set and give me Bad Bats Maru.
Um, but otherwise this will probably be the thing that gets me to play Animal Crossing again.
And I haven't really played it since August, but between this and the Mario content, I'm like, I really need to, I need to build.
So Rob, these cards actually were part of the Welcome Amiibo set for New Leaf.
So these cards are actually out with the previous Animal Crossing game.
And from what I'm seeing so far, I haven't, they're, they're bringing back things that were in the game before, kind of sorta.
Well, they can give me more. I want, I want, I want the golden goose.
The only, the other thing though, that we're not seeing is that there aren't any announcements for releasing the, uh,
the new characters, you know, like Raymond and, and Dom as, as their own Amiibo cards.
Oh, cause those Raymond cards would be nuts.
Yeah. Um, basically you have to already have them in your village to be able to invite them for photo ops so you can get their poster.
However, if anyone has any of the new characters and their posters, please send me one. I would love to, to, to have them and I can send you Dom.
Um, Dan's all super excited right now cause he has what we call the Squid Squad, even though they're Octopi.
We have all three of the Octopi characters.
How fun.
Yeah. Or I've been calling them the Octo Squad.
But at any rate, um, I'm, I'm pretty excited about the Hello Kitty stuff cause you also get little backpacks and I would legit wear a Kiki Lala backpack cause Little Twin Stars is my favorite.
Love it. All right. I'm looking forward to this too. I can't wait for the, uh, uh, characters to be in Animal Crossing. Yay.
Well, and if you have difficulty getting the cards, Rob, I will assist.
Thank you. Because yeah, we know Nintendo can never, um, publish enough, you know, hardware. Although I feel weird calling Amiibo cards hardware, but even the Amiibo can be a pain in the fat ass to find. So I'm very much-
I like Tookist. Pain in the Tookist.
Pain in the Tookist to find. So I'm looking forward to, uh, uh, the cards if I can find them. So, all right, let's move on.
Well, Target. Hey, I'll tell you what, Rob. When I am there day one to buy my cards, maybe I'll pick up a second pack for you.
That's very sweet of you. Thank you. I had pretty good luck with Target though. Target came through with my Xbox Series X. So we're friends right now. You know, friendship ended with Amazon. Now Target is my new best friend. So that's, that's where I'm at right now when it comes to gaming.
All right, let's move on. Uh, Loki, we might be ending our friendship with somebody else at least, or putting it on hold for a year, right?
Yeah. Well, I mean, it's not a big shock that, uh, E3 and, uh, this year of 2021 with the pandemic still raging on has been allegedly canceled according to, uh, the-
Apparently there is a travel, uh, LA tourism document that shows that it has been canceled in form of a, uh, basically a digital event.
So in the citywide conventions, 21 or 2021 on the books, they list, uh, E3 2021, June 15th says canceled live event in 2021, working with production team on broadcast options at LA live, uh, LA convention center working on 2022 and 2023 license.
So this is, uh, a document that's basically to inform, I think, uh, maybe Nate nearby hotels or whatever. Um, because they have total room nights, uh, room nights, uh, kind of estimates.
So yeah, it's probably the brace downtown for like staffing levels and things like that. Yeah. It's like, yeah, you want your restaurants to be well staffed and all that stuff.
So it's probably for something like that. You know, it was interesting though, reading that document just real quick. I actually looked at that, that actual document, not just for E3, but to see like, kind of like what else they were canceling.
And it really seems like everything throughout summer is canceling, but then like kind of like September, nothing has fallen off yet. And that seems to be a trend we're seeing.
Yeah. Uh, I know, um, in his neck of the woods, Bobby Black Wolf was posting about MomoCon, which I think was a June thing, maybe an April thing. I can't remember. Sorry, Bobby. You might have to correct me.
Um, but I know they have just, um, decided they're not going to be able to do this year because of everything going on. So they're going to go to 2022, but they're looking at doing potentially a winter fest as kind of like a holdover.
But all of this, of course, depends on, you know, where are the numbers at, you know, vaccines, vaccines, but where are the numbers at? And that's going to be the big driver for what the fall looks like. Like, I think in the summer, we'll probably be having small gatherings again.
I think that as long as like everybody's vaccinated and stuff, that'll probably be something that you can do relatively low risk. Like we could probably do OLR again.
Um, but I think big gatherings are still very risky. Cruises and stuff like that are still very risky. And so people are hopeful for fall, but it's the numbers are going to be the driver in that whole situation, period.
Um, so we'll, we'll see what happens. Um, yeah. Yeah. And I, I don't know what happens with things with this. Well, now Disneyland and all that stuff. I saw one for Knott's Berry Farm today too.
They're, they're getting creative and they're doing these outdoor events that are like not, the rides aren't open, but you can get, uh, I think the Knott's Berry Farm is a whole boysenberry thing. So you can get all this food at outdoor events and stuff like that.
So it's, uh, interesting. So we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I, I, I miss my cons, but I understand it's got to be safe. Um, and so it is what it is.
Um, E3 I don't miss. Sorry. E3 I don't miss. E3 is too many people.
When we talk about the new normal and how digital is going to be an option for everything, I think in the future. And I think there's going to be more awareness about these virtual events and digital things.
And we've kind of talked about this on previous episodes. I think E3 having to go digital, E3 was already going digital. That was the problem I had with going to the show.
I don't want to repeat myself too much, but you know, everything that was frustrating me about the show was because it was already online. What was I really getting from being there?
So I think E3 becoming a digital thing for what it is makes a lot of sense. So I, now things like that are fan driven events with like cosplay and tournaments, which E3 is, that's not, E3 was not for cosplay until they started inviting the public.
And, you know, but, but things like, you know, Magfest and Dragon Con and your local anime cons, things like that. That is different. You know, and I think those, I would love to see those back in person again, safe numbers, et cetera, et cetera.
But I think E3 going digital is kind of like the logical next step for them. So anyway, and Bobby does point out E3 shouldn't be a convention. It's a trade show. Yeah, that is the difference there.
E3 trying to become a convention helped kill it. Yeah, E3 was definitely having an identity crisis, that's for sure. So Bob Coffee says Nintendo Directs killed E3.
You know, talk all the smack about Nintendo you want, especially when they lag behind the curve in online. But they were the first to say, you know, we're going to just do our own conference this year online, direct to our fans instead of doing a press conference, E3 style and look at where we're at.
So, yeah, DJ Rama S says, man, I'm burned out from virtual digital conventions. I get that because it's all we've had for the last year. But I think when it is an option versus the only thing you can do for an entire year, I think you're gonna see a happier medium there.
Like, I think it would be like, I don't know if I could get out and fly to something like, I don't know, what's a big convention back east? The Katsucon, let's say. I don't know the next time I'm going to be able to attend a Katsucon in person. But if they had a digital thing, I might check it out. We'll see. So who knows?
All right. Anyway, more to come as the world responds to what's going on. But I think as far as E3 is concerned, a transition to digital made sense for them anyway. So not really surprised to see it.
I'll be honest, I haven't missed it since the last time I attended. I didn't care.
Well, yeah, E3 in particular, I'm not that torn up about. It's the other conventions I miss, you know. And certainly where this domino falls, the others will as well.
Well, thankfully, I am in the third group for vaccination. So I'm getting together the Leia army for Dragon Con 2022.
Yep. Again, it's how we respond to these mutations and stuff and making sure that enough people get vaxxed. I know everyone here is going to get the vaxxed as soon as we can and we're eligible and it's fair.
But if enough people in the world don't get the vaxxed, that's how the virus mutates. So that's, you know, that's the next big issue we're facing here is trying to get these people that are like vaccines are going to be microchips and Bill Gates and stuff.
We have we have to call that out for the foolishness that it is because it's it's literally going to hurt this and keep this pandemic going anyway.
But we could do a whole other three hours on that. And honestly, if you turn to any cable news channel, you can get 24 seven on that.
But let's move on and talk about let's talk about more negativity. Let's talk about stadia or I should say, you know, no, I don't want to insult the stadia fans because I know there's people that are loyal to stadia.
I'm not out to insult the stadia fans. I'm out to insult two of you. No, I'm out. That's an insult. I'm out to insult the stadia management. That is who I'm out to insult.
And but you know what? They've been insulting their employees and so forth with all that, you know, gassing them up that they're doing great only to lay them off a week later.
So anyway, and now we're hearing about oh boy, you want to hear about some more fuck ups by management. Here we go.
Bloomberg put out a big report this week where it underperformed the sales target by hundreds of thousands of users, even though they spent tens of millions of dollars on their own big blockbuster games to bring over.
So for example, they paid publishers like Ubisoft and take to quite a bit of money to get things like Red Dead Redemption two on the service when it released.
Of course, the service ended up suffering from a lack of games overall because Google failed to offer enough money. This is according to a business insider report to indie developers to win their games over to the its platform.
Some people wanted Google to be stadia and beta first and then growing slowly. But then, of course, they ended up going out to market with a product that wasn't finished and didn't really call it a beta.
And I'm saying it wasn't finished because you had to have the Chromecast to get on. They didn't have that messaging about just being able to go to stadia.google.com to play.
So that should have all been the way it was the very first day. The way they rolled it out didn't really work.
And then, of course, now we know they are in not the greatest of places. Stadia is still going on. Stadia is not dead.
It is an important point to make, but the stuff Stadia was working on for first party is gone.
At least there is one victory that can be celebrated in Stadia world. They won Terraria back. They've smoothed things over with Andrew Spinks, who's the developer over Terraria.
You might remember he tweeted a lot of angry stuff being locked out of his Google account. I think it made us all think about how much shit we have invested in Google and should we put it all there if saying the wrong thing on YouTube will get us banned someday.
They've worked their shit out. Gee, I wonder what finally got a human at Google's attention. I wonder what finally did that.
Maybe they threw some money at him. We just discussed that they did it. Other companies support their game over.
And so, hooray, they got Terraria on Stadia. And I mean this with all due respect to Andrew Spinks and Terraria. It's a great game. It's available everywhere.
It's not something where I'm going to be like, ooh, I got to get Stadia so I can play Terraria.
And it doesn't really make the argument for like, I need a powerful machine to run Terraria. Terraria is cute and popular because you don't need a strong machine to run it.
So like, this game is not the greatest use case scenario for Stadia. Again, that is no disrespect to Terraria. But this is not going to change anything with Stadia's successes or lack thereof.
But I'm glad they worked their personal shit out. I wish that they could find a solution for when we all, you know, if I get locked out of my Google account and I don't have a fucking game that Stadia wants, you know, how am I going to get my account back?
And we talked about this, how certain other companies have wonderful customer service. Google does not. And that is really hurting them right now. Anyway, looking at our chat.
DGRMS says you can still buy Chromecast, but then Miltonius Games is saying they were replaced with Google TV. PodCulture says Chromecast have Google TV, they were not replaced, just changed.
In all honesty, guys, and looking at you, do you see where this is also a problem when it comes to Google? That like, there's a really bad consistent messaging here?
Yeah.
Google has a lot to think about right now. I'm just saying.
By the way, thanks for reminding me to cancel my sub for Stadia.
You're welcome. All right.
I have my free one. I haven't opened the box.
Yeah. This, this, my point is, this shouldn't, and I see the chat is still kind of like, no Chromecast are there. Yes, sir. My point is, this shouldn't even be a question. Like, just to look at a competitor for a minute. This is like saying, is iPhone still a thing?
Why, why, yes, iPhone is a thing. Now, there may be different models and different types, different sizes and colors, but yet, but iPhone, iPhones are still there. We all know that.
And I'm not, again, I'm not saying that to pit one company versus the other. I'm just saying this is where Google's messaging problem is. So, all right. Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about, oops, I forgot to advance the sidebar. So let's go to dark soccer is where we're at now.
And you're muted dark soccer, just so you know, you might've, you might've muted yourself. It's, it's a hard mute on Discord. I can see the little.
Yeah, I did it. I did it so that I wouldn't eat tacos and churros into the mic.
That's a good thing. You just have to remember to unmute, but that's okay.
I'm a good fucking person. I mean, seriously.
All right.
Although I will let everyone watch me eat the tacos and churros.
Tacos are real. I had tacos yesterday, so I got, okay, aside for a minute, because I had to message Bobby Blackwolf about the taco I ate yesterday.
And I'm going to tell you why. Have you had that local chain here, Chondo's Tacos?
I got sick at Chondo's Tacos, but it's just because of the way the food's cooked. I kind of have the same issue with Jim Boy's.
Okay, well Jim Boy's is really like fatty too. I understand why.
But I fucking loved the burrito that I had. It was like this creamy one. It was so good.
Yeah, the Chondo's Tacos are really good. Like, and they're not paying me to say that.
They are really good.
They are really good. Loki, have you had it?
I have not had a Chondo's yet.
Okay, seek it out.
Although, I still prefer Felipe's.
Seek it out because Chondo's is good and it's a Sacramento thing, but here's the thing.
So why did I message Bobby Blackwolf about the taco I was eating yesterday? Because I heard on the news, Chondo's is expanding.
They're going beyond Sacramento. They're going to be opening a new location in Atlanta.
They're going that far for a new location? Like, I guess...
Maybe someone in the ownership of it moved to Georgia.
I get like a relative or something like that, I guess. I don't know.
Like they can't get fucking In-N-Out further than Texas, but they can get a Chondo's Tacos all the way to Atlanta.
Someone, please explain.
Bring me a fucking Waffle House.
Please explain, Loki.
Yeah, I used to see the food truck all the time and I know that they have a physical restaurant up in El Dorado Hills, but I haven't actually been there yet.
There's one on Power In.
Bobby Blackwolf points out they're opening up in Buckhead, which is quite a drive. Atlanta is two hours away from Atlanta.
Okay, so it's like the Bay Area. I get it.
You know what, though? They had one here and then in like a couple of years.
Well, that one in Midtown's been around forever and then they've just recently exploded.
There's like seven or eight of them here, so they might be putting one out in Atlanta now, but give it time.
Give it to Peach Tree Center. It's a matter of time.
All right, anyway, enough food and advertising for a place that didn't pay for it.
Sorry, Dark Sakura. What story did you have for us?
I'm eating Del Taco because I wanted junk and it makes me happy.
Anyway, how about some Valve stuff?
How about it?
So we know what remote play together is, right?
You know, where basically you can play with other people kind of like they were in the same room with you.
So basically local multiplayer over the Internet, in other words.
But before you had to have, everyone had to have their own Steam account.
Now they've done this sort of streamlining thing where you don't need to have your own Steam account to join in.
You just get the invite and you're playing.
So it's like if you have friends in, say, places that Steam's not available or you have family members who's like,
I don't know why I should install that Steam thing, you know, then they can play with you.
And actually right now you can use an early version of it if you sign up for the Steam client beta.
I wonder if this also has to do with things like Game Pass and Microsoft's system that kind of exist outside of Steam
and being able to kind of connect those together in a way.
That's kind of the impression I got.
Yeah.
So it almost though has a feeling to me that this is something that's kind of been in the works for a little bit.
So, well, if cross play is a thing on consoles, then why shouldn't Steam have its own type of cross play, right?
Yeah.
It's another feature that Google Stadia had that now is kind of obsolete.
You know, they have that whole thing where, oh, you could just link your chat or link, you know, your YouTube video or whatever to have people join you.
Now a competitor has it with arguably a larger library than they do.
Fair.
I don't know.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Loki.
Yes.
So as I was alluding to earlier when we were talking about the PlayStation 5 and having to pick one up probably later this year,
Sony has almost very quietly talked about or at least acknowledged that, yes, there will be another VR PlayStation VR coming to the PlayStation 5.
They had posted something over on their PlayStation blog saying, introducing the next generation of VR on PlayStation and saying that there's going to be obviously a new controller developed for it,
which makes sense because they have that whole DualSense stuff that they'd want, of course, incorporate do that.
And of course, I'd imagine that, you know, higher spec hardware as well to take advantage of the PlayStation 5.
But other than the brief mention of like some of the stuff that's expected, you know, we don't really have a timeframe aside from that.
They're still in development and it won't be launching in 2021, but maybe 2022.
Who knows?
But yeah.
So I'm excited about that.
Definitely want to hear some more information about what's coming for that.
But yeah, it has me interested.
So this is one of those things that I play.
We know we knew it's been coming, but now they've kind of like validated it, you know, and like we knew this was happening when.
But it's also nice to hear the like Sony isn't like they're still invested in VR.
And I think that's the good news is that, you know, there may be some people that were thinking, oh, they're just not going to do VR on PlayStation 5 because Sony likes to walk away from hardware just when it's finding its potential.
Vita.
So this is good news that Sony is at least saying, hey, we're committed doing this.
We're going to do a VR thing on the PlayStation 5.
We're just not doing it right now, which makes sense.
Most people still can't even get a PlayStation 5.
And I said this in the very beginning when they launched the system.
You're not going to charge somebody five hundred dollars for a PlayStation 5 and at the same time charge them five hundred dollars for a headset.
You know, and I'm just I'm just completely speculating these prices.
Don't quote me on them.
You got to spread that out a little bit to make the pain a little easier on dropping all that money at once.
So they've got to get that PlayStation 5 price cut once at least first.
And then maybe they can think about that VR headset.
But it is nice that it'll be less cables and awkward setup, too.
They've certainly, I'm sure, designed the PlayStation 5.
Excuse me.
With the idea in mind that it would have a VR thing eventually, I'm sure.
So we would hope.
Yeah. S.H.A. 100 Matt in our chat over Twitch TV slash Vogue Network says, I mean, we knew they were working on PSVR.
Sony is also working on PlayStation 6.
I would hope they provide more updates for it soon.
Yes. Sony is absolutely working on PlayStation 6.
We just won't hear anything about it for another seven years, probably.
So. Yeah. All right.
And that'll maybe have VR, too, or maybe maybe PlayStation 6 will just straight up run the holodeck.
Because remember, everything in gaming is just one step closer to the holodeck.
We said that for a very long time on the show. Don't want you to forget that.
Everything in gaming is just one step closer to the holodeck.
All right.
Everything in gaming is also apparently going to be coming to PC.
Speaking of PlayStation and some of the things they're doing, it was right around the same time they made this VR announcement.
They mentioned that more games are going to be coming to PC from PlayStation.
I believe the quote was a whole slate.
Now, they haven't given a lot of details, save for one big game.
Days Gone will be coming out this spring.
You might remember that one was out about a year ago on PlayStation 4.
And that was a Sony exclusive that they hyped up at a couple of E3s.
And that is going to be coming to PC.
And you might remember people were saying, well, why is Horizon Zero Dawn coming out for PlayStation or, excuse me, for PC and all these other PlayStation exclusives?
And honestly, you know, I think we have to remember that PlayStation isn't just in the business of selling hardware.
They're in the business of selling games.
And I think there comes a certain point where the games aren't selling.
Like, I'm sure a game like Days Gone has pretty much sold about the most that it's going to on the PlayStation 4.
So it's time to open it up to a new audience by putting it out on PC because PlayStation Sony also makes money by developing and publishing their own games.
So this is a way for them to get more money from the games that they've developed by putting them out on PC.
Because being on PC can also, and this is very important, reach markets that maybe PlayStation isn't officially available in.
PC gaming is pretty much everywhere, you know, unless the government forbids it for whatever reason or is censored it.
Otherwise, you know, PC gaming can go around the globe pretty quickly.
But PlayStation and official retail releases of things, well, you might have imports and stuff like that, but it's not necessarily going to be on the shelf.
Or not necessarily going to be easy to find or cheap at a reasonable price.
PC may be the reasonable way for people to play it.
And then, of course, nude mods. No, but regular mods, too, are very important.
And, you know, the PC community loves that stuff.
What's your take on all this PC stuff coming, or PlayStation stuff coming to PC?
I keep getting it backwards in my mind. Logie?
I mean, I think it's fine. I think, to your point, you know, it is a good way to drive some more sales.
I mean, obviously, Days Gone was a pretty decent title, but it's pretty old at this point.
So it makes sense to try to port it out to another console to, or not even necessarily the console,
but another platform to basically, you know, drive some more interest in it.
And so, yeah, it makes perfect sense that they would do that.
Yeah. All right. Well, this is where I would move on to the next segment, but DarkSaka had the AFK, and the next segment is her segment.
So I have extra time. Oh, DarkSaka just came back. Perfect timing, DarkSaka. It's about time for your segment. Hi.
Hi. Yeah, the one problem, things make me sick.
That's all right. All right. Let's get into the classic game of the week. All right.
Every week, DarkSaka steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, kids, you might enjoy this game.
Actually, maybe, maybe not the kids this time. I'll let DarkSaka explain here momentarily.
And people with taste.
It is the classic game of the week. And look, it's not, and it's, and it's important to state, it's not always classic good.
Maybe I should just let DarkSaka take over. It's notable. It's notable. DarkSaka, what is the classic game of the week?
It was my very last minute pick because I forgot it was still February. So it's BMX triple X.
Awesome. Now, I do want to state for those on Twitch, we are not allowed to play footage from BMX triple X.
It is on Twitch's banned list of games. Please.
What is this? Never mind. It's not the cat I thought it was.
OK, please enjoy this replacement video while DarkSaka talks about BMX triple X.
No, I there's a channel I watch that's Rachel and June. They live in Japan.
And when he goes to the store on his bicycle, his cat's in the basket.
Oh, OK. No, I think this guy's in Greece. But anyway, let's talk about BMX triple X.
All right. So it is a sports game that was developed by Z-axis and published by Acclaim under their A.K.A. Acclaim label.
It came out on Xbox, PlayStation 2 and GameCube. It was released in North America.
The first released Xbox was November 12th, 2002 for PlayStation 2, November 19th and GameCube November 26th of the same year.
So. This game.
It was basically huh, if you want to call it great.
It was this game. I enjoyed it thoroughly. It was an actual fun BMX game.
All right. I'm sorry. I shouldn't interrupt. Sorry, Jamie. All right.
So basically the game I have to start a little bit with the beginning.
OK, so it was built on an earlier Z-axis game, Dave Mirra freestyle BMX that was endorsed by Dave Mirra.
But during the development of the new game, because they wanted the game to be.
You know, I guess a little bit more appealing to certain audiences, they wanted to style it after some sex comedy type movie view thing.
So and they really came to this when they saw that the game was actually turning out to be pretty subpar.
So instead of, you know, calling it a loss, they decided to throw in all of this vulgar humor and nakedness and to try to bring some publicity to it.
Because as we know, sex sells anyway. When Mirra found out about it, he's like, no, I'm not going to endorse this.
And he actually took legal action against a claim to keep his name completely away from it.
And he was successful in getting a claim to prevent them from using his name.
So going back to the game itself, it is a predominantly BMX based game.
It allows you to create female characters who are topless and it has live action video of strippers.
I didn't think it was a good game. I mean, honestly, I really didn't think it was a good game.
I didn't enjoy it. The few times that I played it, you know, had kind of a little bit of a like a GTA vibe in some parts of it.
From what I could tell. I just didn't enjoy it. Anyway, you know.
Of course, I also think that most most shirtless people, doesn't matter of what persuasion they are, kind of squicks me out.
So just saying. But anyway, because of all of this, the game was initially denied classification in Australia.
They wouldn't class classify it in the US or North America in general.
The game was uncensored on GameCube and Xbox.
But for the PS2 version, it is censored. There was a lot of publicity for the game,
but it was mostly really negative and had really poor reviews, really poor sales.
However, it was semi salvaged into a Game Boy Advance game called Dave Muir Freestyle BMX3 that didn't have any of the raunchiness.
It was just a straight up game. And yeah, I mean, there was scandal around this, too.
I mean, I mean, you're going to have scandal, I think, when you have a game like this.
You know, people, you're going to get your prudes out there.
You're going to get your, you know, your tipper gores of the world, if you will.
To protest it, to talk shit about it, you know.
And it just really, the game didn't make any sense, you know.
You do tricks, but you're naked.
I mean, that's it.
All right.
It's not good. It's not good.
So, Loki.
I mean, maybe it helped advertise some New York strip clubs.
I got banned from, like, Walmart and Toys R Us.
And Twitch. I can't show you the game.
I'm talking about for sale.
I even wanted to know if I could show you the game for, like, critique purposes.
But, like, I actually looked at the rules and it said, like, you can report a stream that's, like, just playing it at all.
So I was like, well, all right, I guess I'm going with a cat then.
Which is, you know, usually a good call is that when in doubt, just go with a cat.
But, hmm.
There's more.
Okay.
So, an executive producer, formerly of Acclaim, named Sean Rosen.
And this is a quote from him.
It's like, you know, when you get a whole bunch of guys in a room, people start throwing out stupid ideas.
So we're talking, okay, maybe we should go for a mature rating.
What does mature mean?
We'll have some hardcore music and maybe language in it.
And then someone said, let's put strippers in the game and everyone laughs.
So, basically, it's, as to quote him, I mean, it's a bunch of dumb guys in a room throwing out ideas.
So, I.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
So some folks in chat are making comparisons to the guy game, which was also out around the same time, that was definitely, like, catered for a certain audience, we'll say.
And I noticed Shane is in chat.
Shad Starsick says the guy game was, yeah, it was bad, but sometimes in a train wreck sort of way that I just couldn't stop watching.
That kind of sums up BMX, triple X for me.
I think like this game wasn't good, but it was one of those things where it was like, how did this get made?
Well, it's basically like crossing a BMX game with Postal.
It's like, you know, trying to be like edgy, you know, in the sense that it's just ridiculous stuff.
Yeah.
But like it was going that route, like, oh, hey, look, haha, we're doing this on purpose.
Look, they're doing it because they could.
Look, it's animals having sex.
Oh, my goodness.
Who?
That's that's that's edgy.
You know.
Oh, look, you're getting a bum.
Some some alcohol edgy.
You know, it's I know it's.
Well, it was OK.
It was frustrating to do some tricks, but like I was trying to play, but it I was going to say this game.
This game is is not that old where I remember when you and I were roommates in absolutely two hours on a GameCube because I want the uncensored version.
Two or three years into O.L.R.
I remember you getting the BMX triple X game.
But you also you also have an affinity for bad games.
Oh, yes, of course, I do.
So so how would this be a classic game for you and why?
I mean, it wasn't even really rememberable.
I mean, it was it's it's all right.
It was fun.
It wasn't terrible.
Like the guy game was kind of terrible.
And I don't know, at least this had some gameplay to it.
Well, there's a little bit more to this, too.
And this is, again, another quote, actually, from one of the employees at Z-axis.
And I do also want to read this verbatim.
One thing that and this is actually coming from a Vice article, an older Vice article.
One thing that is a common misconception in the game industry itself is that if an independent developer makes a game, that is their idea.
They stand behind it. They believe in all the content they're making it for themselves.
No, we were paid by a claim to make BMX triple X.
As much as people think that the people at Z-axis were crazy for coming up with this idea, we were contracted to make this idea.
So blame a claim.
It's almost like the movie Showgirls were like everybody wanted to distance themselves away from it once it came out.
Yeah. Anyway, but at least at least Showgirls has found appreciation as a cult movie all these years later.
And Elizabeth Berkley, in many ways, is kind of a gay icon of sorts.
I'm not sure this game will have that same love ever.
You mean we're not going to get a remake of it like we did with Tony Hawk?
I'm thinking no, but maybe that Game Boy Advance game that was OK, the Dark Saga mentioned, maybe that one.
I'd say that one's first.
All right. There it is. Your classic Game of the Week BMX triple X.
Or as those that were watching on Twitch tonight got to see BMX triple cat, which folks are saying should be a dream game.
BMX triple cat, which I think.
OK, I have the new dream game idea, Rob.
All right. Go for it.
BMX cat courier. You have to deliver the cat to its new location.
You're like a cat taxi, so it's like crazy taxi, but with bikes and cats.
Exactly. I'm into it. Does the offspring provide the soundtrack?
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
OK, cat taxi. Exactly the way the fifth fifth dream said it.
C, A, T, A, X, I.
Taxi. I thought a taxi would be the name of it.
Doesn't come off as well.
The cat version of the offspring song really makes the entire game for me.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
It's like, you know, you know how they have the the like the the cat, you know, Christmas, whatever thing.
Yeah, the cat sing. Yeah, it would be that they do that with all the music in the game.
It's all just cats. It's just like having those artists, you know, come back and cover their songs.
But you would just do it in like, you know, caddish, I guess, or meows.
Tiger Claw says they have skate bird. Why not make skate cat? Because we want bike cat.
But you do ask the question. Bob Coffee in chat says you have to keep the cat happy and there's a meter that tracks this.
Well, just like the guy in the video, you have to have a little toy that you entertain the cat with once in a while or something to make sure it doesn't try to jump out of the bike.
And then there's like the idea.
And you know, I hate to say this, but this has already been done before.
So like, I would like to have more for my idea.
OK, that when when the cat is unhappy, he'll jump out of the basket and try to run away.
And then you have panic mode where you have to find the cat. And so that's hurting cats mode.
I want to know what's the game that already exists, Loki, and does it have the meow based soundtrack?
It doesn't it's so it is basically a part of Saints Row the third.
It's a tiger escort mission and you have to drive the tiger around.
And if you don't do it right, he will get angry and attack you. So he is right.
There are no BMX fights and no adorable house cats.
But if you said cat taxis, then the Saints Row team needs to make this game because they've already started it.
And it's going to sell better than that agents of mayhem.
I guarantee it. No, that's a low bar the hit.
All right. Moving on. All right. Let's move on.
I do love what was that crazy cat. See, that's my name for it.
All right. Let's move on and talk about some actual news going on in the gaming industry.
We'll talk about it a little quickly in the segment we call rapid fire news.
Loki, let's talk about some games we get for pain with our online memberships.
So we have games of gold for March.
So starting off Warface Breakout and Vicious Attack Llama Apocalypse.
That's a great name.
Those are going to be your Xbox Series X and Xbox One titles for the month.
Then, of course, for Xbox 360 backwards compatible games, Metal Slug 3 and Port Royale 3.
And then on the PlayStation side of things, we have Maquette on PlayStation 5.
PlayStation 4 is getting Final Fantasy 7 remake and remnant from the ashes and from PlayStation VR Farpoint,
which is a pretty decent shooter from what I hear.
And then also, much like the end of 2020 and the beginning of this year,
they're going to be continuing their play at home initiative that they're doing.
So they were giving some big AAA titles out on PlayStation 5 for free.
So it's going to continue with, of course, the new Ratchet and Clank game.
So that's going to be pretty awesome. Yeah, Ratchet and Clank.
So they're the PlayStation 4 remake is what they're going to be giving out.
And I guess to kind of get you hyped up for Rip the Part, which is going to be coming out in June.
So, cool. All right.
That's pretty cool that they're giving away kind of that additional free game without even having to have plus.
I mean, there's nothing forcing Sony to do that.
They're just doing it at a goodwill to keep people at home just a little bit longer while we try to get through the rest of this and get everybody vaccinated.
All right. Moving on, some other rapid fire news. I swear to God, everything has come to Fortnite recently.
We've what? We've had Master Chief. We've had Kratos. Tron got a thing.
What was it? Oh, Street Fighter got a thing recently.
Guess what we're getting now? Because Fortnite is now just pop culture orgy the game.
I don't think it ties in with their theme for this season, which is kind of like if you want to compare it to the MCU,
it's like the multiverse thing. So they're just pulling things out of all different franchises or it's an excuse to just hodgepodge.
How convenient. How convenient of a story to get away with stuff like this.
But you know what? I will say, if nothing else, this is pretty cool because joining Fortnite is Ripley, as in from the Alien film, as in Sigourney.
Yeah, as in Sigourney Weaver, who's who's what, 71, I think, and still looks phenomenal.
But this is Ripley based off the 70s Alien movies and Xenomorph is coming as well.
So these are skins that you can purchase because, of course, they're not going to give these away for free through the item shop.
There's also an emote called Burst Case Scenario, and we'll let you imagine what happens in that.
But hint, it has to do with the Alien films. All this Final Fantasy 7 news this week.
There is one other little thing you should know about. The Final Fantasy 7 remake soundtrack is now out on all the big streaming services.
So if you're a Spotify person, an Apple music person, an Amazon music person, whatever it is, enjoy the Final Fantasy 7 remake soundtrack because it's pretty fucking good.
And I think a lot of people were waiting for official releases of these musics to come out or at least hit the streaming services, which is what a lot of us are a lot of us are using these days.
So check that out on your favorite streaming service if you haven't already.
Dark Sakura.
Well, a place that I have actually always enjoyed is the the Pinball Museum in Las Vegas, you know, which is actually a 501 C3.
Sorry, something disagreed with me. It's a nonprofit.
And basically, you know, they they were living on donations or what people would pay for for getting into that.
And any leftovers were donated to a questionable charity. I won't name it.
But they were you know, they were actually planning on moving on to the strip.
And as it turns out, with COVID, that prevented them from being able to do anything.
And in fact, they were they might have had to have shuttered had it not been for a man named Stephen Campbell in town.
He had a YouTube page on YouTube called Not Leaving Las Vegas.
And so he helped raise nearly eighty thousand dollars to help them.
And. The hand of the check over, I mean, basically, so they are going to be moving to the strip.
They have a very great retail space, they said, and they said that they're going to be able to pay the bills,
get the building done and open well within their their originally planned budget.
So it's going to be really good. And they're having a food truck fundraiser if you are in Las Vegas, the current place.
However, it's already happened because it was today. So.
I wonder where in other news. Yeah, I mean, it's actually, you know, pretty, pretty cool.
And then in other news, there's a Frogger TV game show coming to Peacock streaming service.
And it sounds terrible to make Frogger happen, as most Konami products are these days.
It's going to be American contestants, but it's in Australia.
And basically they have to go through an obstacle course to dodge traffic, leap over gators and hungry hippos.
I'm like, except they're, you know, foam rubber.
So, yeah. OK, Frogger TV show.
This sounds like one of those like Wipeout American warrior type of shows.
They all have roots in Takeshi Castle. Yeah.
It sounds like another one of those kind of shows to me. It is just a quick aside before we get into the release dates.
Like, you know, these streaming services are really just I mean, we had Disney plus unveil a bunch of stuff a few weeks ago.
And then this week was a lot of information about Paramount Plus.
It might have been a little bit last week as well. But, you know, Paramount Plus is just CBS all access going through a branding change.
So I already have the CBS thing because Star Trek, you know.
So I'm going to be just converted to this Paramount Plus, but they've got a lot of stuff coming to this.
Controversially, a new season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars will only be on Paramount Plus, which means it's going to get pirated to hell.
But that's their problem, I guess. So that's interesting.
I'm also I think it's still going to restream on Apple TV, though.
Oh, yeah, I think for the sub services. Yeah.
Like the sub sub services, like people buy them on iTunes and stuff or Amazon.
I think that that'll still exist for sure.
But as far as I there might still be like a little bit of a window type of thing.
But yeah, I'm pretty sure that'll all still exist.
But I was super interested in they're doing a real world reunion.
That's like I mean, that show was like 30 years ago.
It was a lot. I was in high school when that show first came out.
How old are these people going to be?
They're they're pushing their forty nine fifty fifty one.
They're right in that they're in their like fifties.
But if you think about it, Loki, like I have some hard truths for us here at Orange Tons Radio.
Those folks in the real world cast in their fifties are closer to our age than a lot of the twenty one and twenty two year olds that make shows like Big Brother and Survivor these days.
So the reality is that's a little closer. But I I'm kind of I'm interested to see people that are a little more representative of like, you know, that that kind of shift from Generation X to millennials that are kind of in that area.
I guess these guys are a little more cemented in Gen X. But still, I'm kind of excited to see like a reality show that kind of focuses on that.
And just because, you know, especially that show, whether you love or hate reality TV, this was this was back when they were casting real people.
I mean, the people that were on that show were real people later seasons of the real world.
Not so much. But those first, we'll say, seven or eight seasons of the real world were pretty real people.
And it was a very interesting show.
It was later on in the series when it, you know, became a clusterfuck and it's it's not worth your time.
Yeah. Oh, and I forgot. I guess New Orleans was what, like nine.
I think that was right around whenever that that Vegas season, which I think was the 10th, that was when the show really shifted from real people to.
Like real actors, Jerry Springer rejects.
That's when there was a shift, there was that Vegas season, which I think was around 10.
You know which one I really liked the best? Which one? None of them.
Oh, she's different. All right.
Let's say you're not a you're not a puck fan.
No, he was he was not not nice. Anyway, let's move bigger.
Although the real world, San Francisco was probably the best season they ever had.
But I might be a little biased. Anyway, let's move on back to games.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games that'll be coming out soon.
World release dates. Loki, what's coming on us?
Yeah. So we've got Harvest Moon, One World, and that's coming out on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
Neptunia Virtual Stars on PlayStation four.
Maquette, as we mentioned, which is part of the free PlayStation Plus stuff coming out on PlayStation five, PlayStation four and PC.
Yakuza Like a Dragon out on PlayStation five.
Our No Surge DX on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
We have CL No Surge on DX. That's also a PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
Nozia on Nintendo Switch. Loop Hero on PC, Mac and Linux.
Mortal Shell Enhanced Edition on PlayStation five and Xbox Series X.
Sea of Solitude Director's Cut on Nintendo Switch.
Ironically, when we were talking about BMX Triple X, we have Postal Redux coming out on PlayStation four and two point hospital.
Jumbo edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one. That's it.
All right. Traveling to Japan and checking out the releases on the switch.
Loki mentioned these for the US and they're really the only releases in Japan this week.
That's CL No Surge DX and are no surge DX. Those are out in Japan this week as well.
That is on the Nintendo Switch. Checking the PlayStation five.
Yakuza Like a Dragon gets its release on the PlayStation five this week in Japan.
And then on the PlayStation four, we have those same games I mentioned on the switch.
And that's really it. It's kind of a slower week in Japan, although not empty for sure.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
We have on the second, Monster Jam Steel Titans 2, Yakuza Like a Dragon for PS5.
On the fourth, we have Sea of Solitude for Switch, New Super Lucky Tail, Galgun 2, Vectronom.
I'm sorry, I could not pronounce that for a second. That's on the fifth, by the way.
We have On the Road Truck Simulator, Evil Land Legendary Edition, Externum EX, Dex,
Two Point Hospital Jumbo Edition, Forum slash Twilight Path, Harvest Moon One World,
Hellpoint, Iris Falls, and Re Zero, the Prophecy of the Throne.
All right, we got a few more stories for you guys before we get to our listener roundtable with the mailbag
and your comments in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
But first, Loki with another story.
Yeah, so Epic is now settling a class action lawsuit with loot boxes by handing out fake money.
So they're handing out a thousand V-Bucks to anybody who has purchased a random loot llama.
And apparently this was for US players only, but they've expanded it to the entire world.
Gee, I wonder if it's to hook people into buying more of these random loot boxes.
Or the pop culture orgy they've got going on in the game right now.
Exactly. Or and then along with that, though, also, if you had purchased an event crate or key for Rocket League,
you will also receive 1000 Rocket League credits as well as part of the same settlement.
Cool, I guess. I mean, I don't know. It's about the same amount of money that you would have gotten either way.
So which is nothing. Cool.
Sometimes a digital product settles this, though, like remember way back the PlayStation three and the lawsuits over removing the other OS feature.
And what what did people get out of that? They got like two free games out of a possible list of five.
You remember that whole thing? I mean, if you think about it, as much as we kind of giggle about, they're not really giving anything away by giving.
I mean, that's kind of what Sony did. They gave away their own currency when they when they got.
So this is not the first time we've seen a resolution like this, as silly as it is.
So, yeah. All right. That's that, I guess. All right.
Well, you know, with all the news that's been a little bit on Stadia, I think a lot of people are looking to Microsoft and what's going on with their streaming service.
Well, apparently some things have been you know, they've got like a beta going on right now and more and more is kind of leaking out and stuff.
But we also know that they are testing 1080p Xbox Game Pass streaming.
I mean, that's not 4K, but still. And there might even be other stuff for PC remote play anyway.
720p is what it does now on the phone, but they're actually testing 1080p streams.
Don't know how widespread that testing is. It's just something that is showing up for certain people.
But that's going to be great, especially when it comes to some of the big screen games.
Also, there was a leak from a Twitter user, Tom Warren, that actually showed some of the xCloud app for Windows.
So this is going to be like a Windows app that you use and you can actually stream to your PC, which was something you could do on the console companion app.
But this is going to allow you to do it like through the cloud and stuff. So this would be very interesting.
I'm very excited to see kind of what the future holds for Microsoft streaming. I like the concept that I'm streaming my own console.
So like even if I'm on my phone and you know, at some point, 5G is going to become more and more prevalent, right?
And more people are going to have those kinds of phones. More people are going to be able to have access to that kind of data in certain cities.
And over a 5G connection, I could probably connect to my Xbox here at home and play games when I'm somewhere else.
So and, you know, it's probably not going to be great for things like Halo and stuff, but, you know, for things that are a little bit less intensive, like maybe like Overcooked I mentioned earlier in the show.
I could play that, but it would be from my Xbox, my save file, my achievements and all that stuff.
So I'm I'm very interested to see how Microsoft kind of continues to bring this to the table.
It's going to be interesting to have cloud gaming in these different ways.
And it's not just a computer in the cloud running the game for you, although that is a thing, too. So kind of neat.
All right. Moving on, Dar Sakura.
Well, you know, the science part of gaming is totally my jam.
And there are some researchers at Uber, AI labs in San Francisco that have created some learning algorithms for AI that proved to be better at playing classic video games than human players or any other AI player that existed.
Basically, and by the way, they published it in a journal called Nature.
So what they did to make it different is something that they think they can have apply to robotics, language processing and even possibly the creation of new medicines.
So they're using reinforcement learning algorithms.
What it does is it synthesizes information provided in a large data set.
So it recognizes patterns and uses them to make guesses about new data.
And, you know, they've used this, for example, they've used this to spot lung cancer and X-rays, but they were they ran into some some walls with that when they found data that didn't fit with everything else in the data set.
So it would bring back some wrong, wrong results.
So they added another algorithm that lets it remember the paths that a previous algorithm took when it's trying to solve a problem.
They have implemented this test by having their AI play 55 Atari games.
And then they did the testing through those AI systems with that.
So the new system beat the other AIs 85.5 percent of the time and did really well at Montezuma's Revenge, by the way.
But they you know, but they're saying that since it's learning from its past mistakes, that this particular algorithm now, when applied to, you know, other fields is going to let it explore new paths that would have just been,
you know, returned, you know, invalid or incorrect based on that new data.
Instead, it's going to learn from what it's done already based and base how it treats the new data around things that have and have not worked.
Little scary, really awesome.
Yeah, yeah, because I was joking with Bobby before the show tonight. We were doing the tossover call. I said the Cylons are learning more because that's kind of Skynet.
Yeah, exactly right. Like the Cylons are going to beat us at Frogger soon.
It's the it's the MCP, the master control program.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's started off as a chess game, Rob.
I started off as chess.
I'm with you. There's part of it that's really neat and there's part of it that's really scary as well.
So we'll see or see where this leads us.
But the idea of the machine learning from its past mistakes is a very interesting step, for sure.
So. All right. Moving on, Loki.
Yeah, so it's like what year is this again? We're back in the early 2000s again.
But yeah, apparently now because of all the violence in the world, it's got to be video games that's causing the violence.
So apparently a Illinois state representative, Marcus Evans Jr., has made an amendment to a statute that passed in 2005 that apparently bans the sale of violent video games to minors.
But now he's proposed that instead he would ban the sale of violent video games to buyers of all ages and change the definition of violent video game to include both physical and psychological harm.
Of course, who's going to be determining whether it's violent or not?
Who knows?
It's not going to pass. He's a moron.
Well, I don't know, dumber things have happened, but hey, I don't live in Illinois, so I guess that's good for me.
Well, look, you know, now we have also a standard that the Supreme Court has set because of what happened with Schwarzenegger versus I don't know what it was, but it was because, you know, California tried a law a long time ago.
Now, also, one of the scary things to keep in mind, the Supreme Court is very different now than it was then.
So could be interesting, but I still think...
I still think there's...
There's no studies that support it. That doesn't make any sense.
What I think would be more the argument is like, well, you're trying to, you know, you're censoring this stuff.
And I don't know, it's just I can't see it being successful.
I'm fine with the bill that they have already with borrowing it from minors. That's cool.
But from everybody, I'm like, what are you doing?
Yeah.
Is that applied to movies as well?
Well, and that's the thing. I think ultimately that's what it's going to come down to is that you're treating games differently than you're treating all these other mediums.
Yeah.
But there's no mention of sexual content in there.
TV and games seem to be perfectly fine with that, but it's violence they have the problem with.
And we don't get as much sexuality and I'm not going to deny it exists.
Of course, obviously, you highlighted an excellent example earlier tonight.
But it is certainly much more prolific in movies and TV than it is in gaming.
So violence is usually associated more with gaming, but that certainly exists in the movie, TV and all that world as well.
I mean, again, you know, I'm not a fan of those Saw movies and the horror porn and that stuff is just is worse than a lot of stuff I've seen in games.
So, hmm.
I just don't understand how one can be OK and the other isn't.
So.
All right.
Moving on one more story for you guys.
And yes, it's video gaming related.
Didn't you all ever play DJ Hero because that game was awesome.
Well, one of the bands that was featured in DJ Hero has announced they are splitting up.
And yes, I'm talking about Daft Punk.
And they released a video this week called Epilogue where they announced that they are retiring and that came out on Monday.
And that's it. Daft Punk is essentially no more.
I mean, there could always be a reunion later on, I suppose.
But it definitely I mean, did you not watch the video?
No, I know. I know loaded.
I you know what I got from explosion.
Come on. Come on. A bitch always has super glue.
Give me a break. The Cylons are adapting and learning from their mistakes.
Who's to say? I just you know, there's always ways to write in a revival.
But anyway, I mean, Daft Punk hasn't really put out their own material in a long time.
Now, granted, they've been producing for other people, you know, the weekend, I think owes a bit to Daft Punk and so forth.
There's other artists as well. But certainly, you know, one reason why I'm like, I'm fine bringing this up on OLR,
even though the DJ hero connection is a bit of a stretch.
I definitely think Daft Punk still plays into a very similar type of culture.
I think all of us are familiar with the band and probably have liked some of their stuff.
I know for me, like the Tron legacy soundtrack was life changing.
That soundtrack is so good.
And it's really sad to think that, you know, if we get a third movie, not only is Jared Leto likely to be in it,
but now Daft Punk's not going to be doing the score.
I want to give someone else a chance because, you know, Wendy Carlos did a great job with the first movie, too.
So maybe there's an artist out there I just haven't thought of with Tron yet that will give us a great third soundtrack.
But I got there's that part of me that was hoping for some more Daft Punk meets Tron.
And so that's a little bit sad. There it is.
Shad Starzik says, who's going to do the next Tron movie soundtrack now?
Well, they were a duo and if they've split, one of them could still do it.
But I'm of the mindset that there will be a completely new...
Because, again, they didn't do the very first movie in the 80s, you know, and Wendy Carlos is still around.
And I think she was still, she's still scoring movies in the early...
She sent independent work.
Didn't she stop by 2010? I don't think she's done much since the early aughts. I could be wrong, but...
She did some digital tribute once to a few different string things.
I have to double check again because it's been a little bit since I've looked into her career.
Yeah, it's been a while too. But my point is they didn't go to her for the second movie.
And, you know, I, you know, they went a different direction. I love what they did with Daft Punk.
But the original still, the original is over here. Daft Punk's over here. They're both great. They both coexist.
So my reasoning is there could be a third person we just, or people we just haven't thought of yet that may also create a great soundtrack.
So I need to be able to be open to that idea, even if I'm really never going to warm up to the Jared Leto thing.
But I'm just hoping he's going to play a minor character and not a major one. That's my hope.
All right. Anyway, Zen Monkey is suggesting Labyrinth from the UK.
He mixes video game tracks and his music. He's a genius.
You know what? There's a lot of people that could probably do a great job. So we'll see what happens. Who knows? Who knows?
Anyway, so Daft Punk is split up. Sad. All right, let's get to our listener roundtable.
If you guys have any questions or points you want to raise in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Now is a great time to do it. But we want to get to our mailbag, I think. I don't remember if I saw anything.
It's empty. It's empty. Boohoo.
Yeah, that means drag race talk, except I kind of stopped watching this season a couple of weeks ago and they didn't even do an episode this week.
The episode that they did this week, that was pretty cool. I thought it was talking about how they prepped for, you know, with covid and everything.
It was actually pretty cool. Look, when the end of the world comes around, we're going to be left with cockroaches share and season 13 still going because they aren't sending girls home.
Like that's that's what's good. But slowly next episode of Snatch Game, Rob.
I know. I know. I need to get back on the train and get watching it again.
I was watching it the first few weeks. And of course, I missed one week because something else.
And then, you know, Twitter spoils me at the end of the day. All right.
Send us emails. Participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
If you want to have your email read on a future episode of the show again, that is participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
Let's check. Last minute stories. Loki, do you have anything you want to share with us?
Yeah, I was going to talk about. So remember, we talked a little bit about the cyberpunk hack or the feature product red hat.
Yeah. A few weeks ago. Well, apparently because of that hack and locking all the developers has pushed back the updates that they were planning to release for cyberpunk because they haven't had access to their computers for a few weeks.
So that's kind of sucks that it's halted progress on those updates. But apparently they're going to be resuming progress on that pretty soon.
I mean, I guess it's understandable, even though for that game, it certainly doesn't help the situation they're in.
Man, that hacking is a bummer. But as far as we know, no further like that.
They really did release the source code to a source that's going to keep it under lock and key because that was part of the agreement.
Right. So none of that should be going out there as far as we know. Yeah. Interesting.
Anything else you want to share? No, that's about it.
All right. I'm looking at chat to see if there's any other comments. I don't see any comments or questions.
I'll give it just a couple more minutes. Some folks still talking about the Tron stuff.
Tiger Claw saying, I want Junkie XL because he produced a lot of electronic music that's talking about Tron back in the day and became an awesome film composer.
That could be an option. Who knows? So he's still doing a lot of soundtracks.
In fact, I want to say he's I think he's doing the new Godzilla versus King Kong movie.
So he's he's doing the soundtrack for that as well. But yeah, he does a lot. So, I mean, he'd be pretty good or.
There's a lot of people that can do some good stuff. There's so many synthwave artists out there and stuff.
I mean, you could you can get quite a bit of, you know, stylized stuff or they can even do it in the style of like Daft Punk, you know, that kind of thing.
Going back to an earlier kind of topic on the show and also putting the, you know, spin on it.
We're talking about Paramount Plus and all the stuff that they're announcing for that.
Something I forgot to mention that Halo series that I think was originally being developed for Showtime, if I'm remembering.
That's the longer that I know is a long time ago. That is.
But Paramount Plus has announced Halo. The Halo series is going to be for them now.
So that's interesting. Another thing in their pocket. But I think show a Showtime is part of part of Viacom.
So I really feel like Paramount Plus to really, you know, because obviously I think we're all getting sick of new streaming services.
Right. Like it seems like I thought this is why we got ready.
You know, now everybody's trying to do their own streaming service.
But I think if you're going to launch a new one, you really have to come out the gate swinging or else, you know, you're going to flop.
And that's why Paramount Plus is like, you know, they are Viacom, essentially.
So it's like we're going to bring in the biggest stuff from VH1, Drag Race.
We're going to bring in the biggest stuff from MTV, like New Seasons of the Challenge in the real world and that stuff.
Oh, and we're going to remake Rugrats.
Yeah, we're going to bring in the biggest stuff from Nickelodeon. That's part of Viacom.
So this is part of CG Rugrats, CG, was it CG SpongeBob?
And this is part of the biggest stuff from Showtime is stealing the Halo series.
So it's very interesting.
Are they going to bring back or salute your shorts? Guts?
Tigerclaw on chat says, Paramount Plus is not really new since it's just CBS All Access rebranded.
Yes and no. And let me tell you, this is a CBS All Access person because I have it because I watch Star Trek and other stuff on it.
It's actually, we pay a dollar more for CBS All Access and we've been offered to transition to Paramount Plus for $4.99 a month.
But we will lose the ability to stream local CBS networks, which is interesting.
So there is a key difference there.
And I think they said later in the year you can get that back and add it into your Paramount Plus,
but it's going to cost more money to get your CBS stations streaming in it again.
So there are some differences.
It's not just and they're going to have a different app and all this stuff.
It's just the account holders are all kind of moving over to a Paramount Plus thing.
But it is very much Viacom's, which is, you know, and Paramount is part of that.
It's their movie studio. It's very much their thing.
And CBS is one part of Viacom.
So it's really trying to build a bigger thing.
I don't want to sound like I'm advertising or endorsing them.
I'm just saying this is the reality we're getting yet another streaming service.
And this is why, basically.
Let's see. Other questions and comments from chat.
Fifth Dream says, all I'm saying is the stream quality had better improved.
Star Trek looks like shit. It doesn't to me.
I wonder if that's something about your connection.
Hopefully they'll use different servers then.
So I guess there's that.
Bobby says, the Star Trek stuff is not disappearing from other services on March 4th.
No, it is not.
And I think there's still going to be Viacom stuff on other services,
like Dark Soccer was saying.
Like Drag Race episodes you can still buy on iTunes, Amazon, and I don't see that changing
because if there's other ways to take your money, I'm sure they're willing to do it.
Oh, and Tigerclaw brings out the movies are only going to have a theatrical window of 45 days
and then they're going to go to the streaming service.
So this is also very interesting.
Anyway, now we have to kind of pick and choose what streaming services do we want.
Because I'm kind of like at the point where I'm like there's not a lot on Hulu that I really watch.
So maybe I'm going to scale back on that.
I don't know.
All right.
Yeah, Bobby Blackall says this is the a la carte cable model we all wanted.
Sort of.
There's just so many.
I understand Netflix could not be the one all be all and that competition is good.
There should be a few choices.
But now it's just starting to feel like there's so many choices.
It's like that gif of Melissa Joan Hart from I think Sabrina the Teenage Wish,
which where everybody's putting pancakes and breakfast in front of her all at once.
She's like looking around with her fork going, I don't know which one to eat because there's just so damn many of them.
And that's you know.
But you know what?
You can also you also have the right to say fuck all of them and I'm just going to watch YouTube and Twitch.
And that's what some people are doing, too.
So some could argue that you're only paying for premium content because you want to have premium content.
Anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
Pixel pocket says if you're not actively using a service, you can always unsubscribe.
Then when a new show comes out, subscribe for that month or two to watch.
Yeah.
That's why they really try to they try to get you to subscribe for a year at a time so that you're less likely to do that.
And DJ Rama S points out trading accounts.
Yeah.
I I've definitely, you know, done that.
I'm not going to talk in detail about it, but I know what you're talking about.
Wink, wink.
So there is that.
All right.
I think things are wrapping up here.
So we're going to wrap up the show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Well, before we do final thoughts, I want to thank you guys very much for listening to Orange Launch Radio tonight.
Whether you were listening on the podcast feed or here live with us on Twitch.
We really appreciate you taking time out of your week to support the show and be here with us.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, then we do.
So, yes, please tell your friends about the show.
Word of mouth helps a lot.
A nice five star review on iTunes or wherever it is you found this show goes a long way.
Sharing on social media, auto hosting on Twitch for VOG Network is incredible support.
And thank you to everyone that does that.
That is a huge, huge boost for us as well.
If you are feeling so inclined and you'd like to get some VOG Network merchandise,
including OLR stuff, I'd like you to head on over to vognetwork.com slash shop.
And you can support the show that way as well if you so choose to.
All right. Now I think we're ready for some final thoughts.
So let's do it.
Loki, why don't we start with you tonight? Your final thought.
My final thought is I'm just going to keep working on games.
I do want to get started on a new project. Still haven't figured out what I'm going to do yet.
I was leaning a little bit towards the NES again because they have a there's an NES game jam happening in March.
But I'm not sure if I'm actually going to do that or not.
So we'll see. All right.
And my final thought is I'm wearing a shirt tonight on Twitch that says live long and prosper because this is the anniversary week of Leonard Nimoy passing.
So I will just say rest in peace, but not forgotten. Dark Soccer, your final thought.
It is Rainbow Pride Week in Japan.
So for Youth Pride, Japan actually is having a big public following on Twitter.
So to our Japanese listeners, hi.
Hello. All right.
All right. Thank you so much, everyone around the world, for checking out Orange Lounge Radio.
And we'll be back to do it all again in seven days. But for now, have a wonderful week and happy gaming.
We'll see you next time. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.